
Heidi talks about things tourists should see and do when visiting her country of Mongolia.


Heidi (Mongolia)
Todd (USA)

Heidi: Fall.
Todd: In the fall? 
Heidi: Yes, because in the fall we have a celebration called Naadam and that's the best time to go. And you get to see horse racing and archery and wrestling and so many tourist come to Mongolia at that time. 
Todd: Okay, now in your city, what is one food I should definitely try? 
Heidi: Well I would say khuushuur. 
Todd: Wow. khuushuur? 
Heidi: Yes. Everyone loves it. And for me, I love it too. It looks like dumpling but fried and it's more bigger and inside is meat. 
Todd: So it's like a dumpling and inside it's meat. 
Heidi: Yes. 
Todd: So outside, the dumpling part, it is like bread or is it like...
Heidi: It's a flour, yeah.
Todd: Like a flour-based... 
Heidi: Yes
Todd: Okay, now Mongolia is quite famous for meat, correct? So, what is probably the most popular meat? 
Heidi: Beef. 
Todd: Beef?
Heidi: Yes.
Todd: So not chicken, not fish...? 
Heidi: We don't really eat chicken and we don't eat fish. Well, we have a river fish. It's like really delicious but then we don't have sea so seafood is not popular at all. 
Todd: So people mainly eat beef. 
Heidi: Yes. 
Todd: So when I'm there in your country, what place should I go to. Like, what should I see? 
Heidi: Probably, it's better to go to the countryside because if you go to Ulan Bator it's just the same as other cities around the world. But the countryside is a whole different world.
Todd: Is there anything I should buy? Like, what would be a good souvenir or gift from your country? 
Heidi: Well, in the department stores they have sections for Mongolian traditional gifts and stuff so probably you can get the tent -- a small tent.
Todd: A little tent?
Heidi: Yeah, and then if you open the door you can actually see all the furniture is inside it. So it's kind of interesting. 
Todd: Wow, like a little doll house? 
Heidi: Yes.
Todd: Okay, wow, it sounds good. I hope to go. 