how are glacier caves formed ?
How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion
how did apollo creed die
how long is the term for federal judges
how a beretta model 21 pistols magazines works
how a vul works
how an outdoor wood boiler works
how big did girl scout cookie boxes used to be
how big is the purdue greek system
how big do sebaceous cysts get
how are pointe shoes made
how much is 1 tablespoon of water
how much are the harry potter movies worth
how a rocket engine works
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter
how bruce lee died
how active can one be with copd
how did anne frank die
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter
how are aircraft radial engines built
how old were golden girls at time of show
how deep can be drill for deep underwater
how old was monica lewinsky during the affair
how long was frank sinatra famous
how big is cornhole hole
how much is a gold 1986 American Eagle worth ?
how much is Hot yoga growing yearly
how old are the massey brothers
how much is 7 teaspoons '
how are the archegonia of the fern and pine cone similar
how long is a flat membrane roof good for ?
how cds are read
how much is jk rowling worth
how big is auburndale florida
how are tropical storms and hurricanes named
how old is kirk douglas , the actor ?
how old is the singer bob seger
how long was richard nixon a president
how did bleeding sumner lead to the civil war
how are business ethics different in Africa and United States
how bad burns go to burn center
how deep is the atlantic ocean
how are storm names determined ?
how big or small a visible light can get
how big are baby zebras when born
How did Barry White die ?
how did angelina jolie get her name ?
how can plant gases slow erosion
how long was angelina on the jersey shore ?
how can a territory become a state
how old was arnold in terminator 3
how much is a cord of wood
how much was game boy color when it came out
how old were the twin towers when destroyed
how are transverse ranges formed
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined
how old was anna nicole smith when she meet her old husband
how much is a yen coin
how tall are the members of tlc
how long is the tarzan movie
how an oil rig works
how are sheep slaughtered
how many presidents of the us
how a silencer works
how old is beatrice author
how long is tekken blood vengeance movie
how can hoa collect unpaid fees on property
how big can texel guinea pigs become
how are public schools funded
how are ribosomes made
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?
How Do You Find the mean of the squares of the first 10 counting numbers
what ended the era of good feelings
what did mia hamm do his work
how did the new york red bulls started in the mls
what countries are under the buddhism religion
how did wild bill 's father die
how many land rovers have landed on mars
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting
what does a silver dollar 1873 coin look like
how fast is one g
What did the augurs use to interpret the will of the gods ?
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?
how were letters sealed in the 1800s
what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day
how is the weather in tampa
What generates gamma radiation
how many presidential terms did fdr serve
What committees are joint committees
HOW MANY BROTHELS WERE THERE IN THE UNITED STATES IN 1840 'S
how many stripes on the flag
How many states and territories are within India ?
what congressional district am i in
how many people have mariah carey dated ?
how much does cloud 10 cost wikipedia
what county is galveston in texas
what cities are in the bahamas
how many schools are in the big ten
how is single malt scotch made
what composer used sound mass
what do you call to the grade six pupils ?
what continent is australia
how does rainfall in new york affect the environment ?
how many people live in atlanta georgia
What did the hollywood blacklist have to do with McCarthy
how does frederick trick napoleon in animal farm
how many days it take for neptune to orbit once
how many 1969 dodge coronets were made ?
how many mhz is ARM9 base
what does it mean to be a commonwealth state
how many people died at the pentagon in 9 11
how many people visit crater lake national park each year
how long can you be in the supreme court
what county in texas is conroe located in
what edition of book of mormon had 103 sections
how high can enlisted soldiers get in the marines
what a wonderful world covers
What did movie theaters do for sound before synchronized sound was introduced into film
how people live in africa
What group took home the award for best rock album at the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) Music Awards ?
how many for profit colleges in the usa
how did congress vote on the 22nd amendment
how many episodes of bo bo bo bo bo bo bo
what building inside central park
what carrier does straight talk use
how does a dredge work ?
how do former volcanoes affect hydrothermal activity
what did benedict arnold die
how many world series did curt schilling have
how many star wars movies are there
how much will a transfusion of platelet apheresis raise the platelet count
how many ports are there in networking
what area code is 479
what does arraignment mean
what did chaucer do
how much chicago snow did we get in 1979
what does am and pm stand for
how is canada 's health care
how did the tarantula get its name ?
how many pounds is a ton ?
how many series in hockey before the stanley cup
how do pineapples grow
how many bytes in an unsigned int c++
how much does it cost to set up hydroelectric
what country did wine originate in
how many district are in west bengal
what caribbean island is part of France ?
how many towns in new hampshire
how did the african slave trade affect africans in terms of economy
How many consecutive starts did Brett Favre have this season ?
what does salesforce.com do ?
how long does it take for seahorses to mate ?
what does 1 year mean to the planet
what cords are used for in wiccan
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration
how fire extinguisher works
What did native americans do all day
what countries are in central america ?
how did scrubs end
how does a steam engine work
what key is ludacris move bitch in ?
what happens to queen elizabeth 's old dresses
how is christianity viewed in australia
how many miles is harvard university from yale university ?
how does sagebrush effect community idaho
how many users on mail.com
what county is tacoma washington in
what county is chula vista ca in
what does metes and bounds mean
what did isaac newton do
what does the universal law of gravitation state
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war
How did the highwaymen get their name 1800
how did magic johnson get aids
how does a cell function
how does grecian formula work ?
what are projection headlights
How did women work for equal rights during the women 's movement ? Were their efforts successful ?
how many times has whoopi been married
how many professional hockey teams in canada
what do maggots turn into to ?
how did king herod die
what antigen in present in type o+ and o- blood
what happened in 1907
what county is northville mi
what does strith
how many episodes are in the first season of misfits
how many games did brett favre start in a row
how many us planes were hijacked to cuba ?
how many websites on world wide web
How did Sen Wayne Morse die ?
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?
what happens at the end of toy story 3
WHAT HAPPENED TO JOHN STARKS
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?
what films has hugh grant and richard curtis done together
how many social classes existed in the han dynasty
how frequently does tourettes occur
what car company makes the sunbeam
what channel is fox
how many canals in mandibular first molar
how often is the florida legislature in session
what did daniel interpret to nabucodonosor chapter 2,3
what cable company carry comcast sportsnet
what do porcupines eat
what did elijah mccoy invent
How Hydrogen Fuel For Cars Work
what district is sacramento ?
how many apple store are there in total ?
how much money does steve jobs make a year
what does a roman numeral L stand for ?
What does the idea of effective nuclear charge tell us
what did i miss on newest storm chasers episode
How many miles of interstates are there in the united states ?
what domain is eu
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German
what happened to original pink power rangers
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?
how do producers eat carnivores
how many teams are in the world cup
how many seasons heroes
how did j.p morgan become a wealthy man ?
how many episodes of mnemosyne
what crimes do not have digital evidence
what color space should i use
what holiday is first weekend of september
what does life insurance cover ?
how many days does the chinese new year last
what happened to Mitzi Kapture
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold
how is a backpack made
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN
how is slugging percentage calculated
what happens in chrono trigger if you lose to lavos
what cheese is made from goat 's milk
how does heat stroke affect the heart
what country is belize in
how many stars on the first american flag
how does a cat purr
what do platypus eat
what county is St. Elizabeth MO in
what county is wilton ca in
what does the term means by paste and text
how do we calculate the cost of ordering inventory , pp ?
what happened to stevie ray vaughan
what does coca cola do for nausea/vomiting
how many gold gloves does barry larkin have
how the capital of brazil , brasilia was created
what caused ww
What country has a single solid color flag
how did the civil war end
what causes Phthisis bulbi after birth
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise
how is ASP.NET different from .NET
how does lsd impact the human body
how many hours apart do navy seals run
how many people are in the world
how many people live in memphis tennessee
how many nuclear countries in the world
how many muscles in the human body
how did seminole war end
what county is orono maine in
how many towers are in the luxor las vegas
what it is a pilot study
how many fire station are in los angeles
how much square feet is an acre
how did the arrival of the horse affect the pawnee indians
how does the brain process language
how much does a bugatti veyron cost
how much time can store on dvd dl
what chili wants wiki
what ethnicity is bruno mars
what do ancients myths explain
How do you do Mouth MacNeal
what division is boise state football
how much does 1952 us 1/2 franc weight
how much money did charlie chaplin make in any year in the 1920
how does planned parenthood fund abortions ?
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean
what does s in ulysses s grant stand for
What city is AMI Box Juke Made ?
what do UA 's detect
how many missions has the us sent to mars
how many terms did calvin coolidge serve
how much caffeine is in a shot of espresso
how many championships brian kelly coached
how is a contract legally binding ?
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby
what does add my two cents mean
what happened to kuomintang after the chinese civil war
how many representative in congress 2011
how much total wealth in USA
How will I feel after my Rhizotomy surgery ?
what does a migrant worker do
what does the tear tattoo mean
how much of US 75 is 4 lane
how did streets in lower 9th ward new orleans get their names
how was the moon formed
what did ronald reagan do as president
how many verses does the chapter 21 of the book of joshua have according to the aleppo codex
how much hp does 2005 kawasaki 636 have
how many presidents have been assassinated
what genre is where the red fern grows
what does oklahoma produce
how many redwall books are there
how many decatherms in a therm
what date did the american civil war start
what does bruce jenner do
how does the e coli bacteria cause death
what area code is 217
what causes destruction of the ozone layer
what does it mean to form a more perfect union
how do i measure the shot put throw
what countries belong with the united nations
what color is the eiffel tower
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?
how old do you need to be to play professional football in the canadian league
what antibodies are produced in large quantities
what happened to the zodiac killer
what county is jennings , la
how does nanotechnology affect health
what countries were depended on USSR after 1945
what day does election results for a new governor start in NJ
how much does united states spend on health care
how much water is the human body made of
what does low self esteem mean
what does it take to start a lodge in freemason
how long has Pilkington company existed
what does quotations do in search
what happened in 1877 in us
how does black pepper grow
how frequent do you inspect hydrants
how south african leaders are elected
how school librarians support students with disabilities in europe
what does the name `` soros '' mean ?
how was the phone invented
what can i do with a masters of fine arts degree
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki
how did mohammed gandhi die
how did Joan Crawford die ?
what does tonneau mean on a watch ?
how many users do twitter have
what does doug 's father in law say about vegas before he leaves the hangover
how many cells are produced during the cell cycle
how many rounds in boxing
how does agreement show grammatical relation
how much of california is below sea level
what kind of books does debbie macomber writes
what county is catonsville md in
how was a lawyer called in latin
how much does vector marketing salary a week
what does the family leave act
how did the vietnam war end
how do you know if a volcano is extinct
How is the pothole formed
how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer
what does estee lauder do
what does peritoneal cavity hold
how does a solid state drive work
how do they harvest caviar ?
what channel is sec network ?
what happened in the 90 's
How many Gray Wolves are in the world
how long did the roman empire last
how many high schools are in the us
How Did Paul Bragg Die
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person
what creates sonic boom
what channel is jay leno on ?
how is rfid tag powered
how does fraud called the psyche mind
what does CTA stand for afrotc
how is paper measured
how does candace parker write
what food group is alcohol
what jobs did hans christian anderson have besides writing ?
What culture is it that children do not look adults in the eyes ?
how do you get bed bugs
what does it mean when isaiah of the bible in chapter 55 : verses 8,9 mean
what city is oregon state university in
how much can female ejaculate
how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered ?
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us
what does ( sic ) mean ?
what animal is Mint in tokyo mew mew
how does sedimentary rock form
how many bones are in the skeletal system is composed of 306 bones
what did st.patrick do
how do you know if something is the golden ratio
What county is NOrth Myrtle Beach in SC
what country in the middle east did france take control of after ww1
how many communities in camden city nj
how rare are cardiac issues with amitriptyline
How is a computer used ?
what does barefoot and pregnant mean
what county is oakhurst , nj in
how many seats are in phenix city stadium
What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do ?
how many innings in overtime in baseball
what causes a deficiency in adenosine deaminase
how poverty affects intelligence
how long before symptoms of deadly mushrooms
how is human height measured
how did neil armstrong affect the united states
what countries have won the world cup
how many native Americans did the United States kill or deport ?
what does a timing belt do
how latin america has changed us culture
what does point in samoan
how is 5 hour glucose tolerance test performed
what about me moving pictures
how many eggs per chicken is expected
how does the mls schedule work
what countries legalize marijuana
how is the ejection fraction measured
how is traffic from palmdale to santa clarita ?
how many blind people are there in the us
how many albums has dmx sold to this date
what does the professional designation master mean
how many years of bugs bunny
what do mucous membranes secrete
what does a master sergeant in the air force do
how does egg substitute effect the cake if u put in
how did Tammy Faye Messner die ?
what county is Cambria WI in
how is public policy created
how does an earthworm eat & digests food .
how many wives did henry the 8th have
what country are bongo drums from ?
how many books in bible
HOW MANY STRIPES ARE ON THE AMERICAN FLAG
What did the Supreme Court determine in Dred Scott v. Sandford ?
what happened to the new condos built at st clair ave and mt vernon in columbus ohio
what do biologists do
what does base jumping stand for
what kind of food does the british blue cat eat ?
how many gold medals usa won for basketball
how pays for nfl super bowl rings
What country is the largest stalagmite
what episode on how i met your mother is tantrum
what does Gringo mean
how many millions of years have great white sharks been around ?
how many men does the american military have in it
what does freedom of speech cover
what board game are they playing in the 17th episode of big bang theory ?
what branch of army was dwight d eisenhower in
how many jets fly with the president 's plane
what do u give for 9 yr wedding anniversary
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean
how many acres is fair park
what county is san jose in ?
how is power divided in in european countries
how many breeds have become extinct
how much wii speak accessory costs
what cars have smart key systems
what channel is univision
what kind of material was able to survive near the sun during the development of the solar system
how is kafka like the trial
How Lisa Loeb
what does new jersey flag presents
how many people have song we can work it out
how old a child pedophile crime
how old julio cesar chavez when he fought de la hoya
how many people were killed in the holocaust
how long has 4-H been around
How did the flag of chile get created
What Generation Am I
what building did the romans accidentally burn
How many wide is the state of virginia
how do you make an older version of windows movie maker compatible with the new live version
how well did `` Brenda 's got a baby '' do on the charts
how many pokemon versions
what did dada artists think of art in past museums
How much energy can be passed along each trophic level
what can silk be used for
what channel is letterman on
what happened to lynne on real housewives of orange county
what do cyberstalkers do
what font does a business letter require
what kind a is tilapia
what kind of dog is hooch in turner and hooch
how many airports in israel
what did 7 year old Hitler look like
how many domain names are registered
how many oxygen and nitrogen in nitrate ?
how many grape farms in united states
what freezes faster ? hot or cold water ?
what does a siamese cat
how many qfc stores are there
what affects the money supply
how many stories is an imax
how is today special ?
How is constitutionalism used in the American Government today ?
What Causes Brain Freeze
what does auld lang syne mean
what does leeroy jenkins mean
what happened to the officer in bart shooting
how did lena horne impact the harlem renaissance
how were europe colonist able to establish population centers in southern africa
how many times has a player hit for the cycle
how do africans view the slave trade
What does the Networking tab in task manager show ?
what happened to steelix on the troop nick
what goods are imported in the Democratic Republic of Congo
what causes an afterimage
how many episodes of Lost were there
what does it mean if i 'm flat footed ?
what age group is generation x
how do you heal a bed sore
what happen to the boys that played in `` overboard '' ?
how many black people live in green bay
what does LH do
how is selena
how do I determine size needed for german world war 2 helmet
what glows in the dark
what cities are airline hubs
what did sparta do around 650 bc
what fantasy american football means
how many people in world today
how many muscles in the body
how much does a gold bar weigh
how many kids does archie manning have
what does an advocacy website promote ?
what does the green mean on the mexican flag
how many cubes are in the us ?
how often do elk have sex
what city is george washington university
what does a lion need
What Console Of The Seventh Generation Sells Best
what does it say on the doll sgt . peppers
what does the temporal lobe part of the brain do
how many lungs does a human have
What a Margarita contains
what color is burgundy
how many british soldiers were missing
what is the population of center tx
what causes photo red eye
how many students go to santa barbara
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?
what culture is mariah carey
what do bumble bees do
how many states have open carry gun laws
what country does not have nuclear plants
how was color introduced in film ?
what artist have song with ashanti ?
what came first army or air force
what does the FOIA apply to
how many countries are member of the eu ?
how many whales are in the world
what causes cardiomyopathy
what does shut the fuck up mean in spanish ?
how many vehicles are registered in the us
what does a laboratory in a gynecologist office consist of
what cards do you need in poker to get a royal flush
what did bruce hornsby think of 2pac cover
what kind of citrus comes from cuba
how many states are involved in the mega million drawing
what episode do they play the second opening in Death note
what does japan call their halloween
how many taxis in NY
what does xylem transport
how many countries do not allow women to vote
how did john the dig die thirteenth tale
what do jehovah witnesses believe
WHAT DID MARLON BRANDO DO WITH THE BUTTER IN THE MOVIE LAST TANGO IN PARIS
how old old is xp operating system
what does por una cabeza mean
what happens when the baroreceptor reflex is activated
what ever happened to the survivors of the 1989 california earthquake
how many pawns in chess
what countries allow gays to openly serve in the military
how is hydrogen produced
how many percent is a basis point
what does the royal family do
what countries are very near to Haiti ?
what genre is bloody beetroots
how is a telephone pagers made
how far is Reevesville , SC ?
How did Frida Kahlo die ?
what bands played at Munich oktoberfest 2010
how does milk turn into different types of cheeses
what does cf mean in legal citation ?
how did land armstrong become famous
how many jockeys rode secretariat
what country is madrid spain in
how many places did the appian way road lead to
What causes rogue waves
how does british succession work
what happened to montgomery clift
what factors stand out in the war against terror articles
what caused the world war 2
what greek god is a hunter
how many cylinders mitsubishi galant 1997
what contributes to high blood pressure
how many votes needed before governor can not veto
how much sulfur dioxide is in propane
how many people die from myasthenia gravis per year
How LCD Monitors Work
how many rooms in borgata hotel
how many classes of vitamins
what country has the most muslims in the world
how do people use the land of rhode island
what country is dubai in
how many colleges are in illinois
how much of earth is covered ocean water
how did elvis presley contribute to the popularity of rock and roll ?
how is root beer made ?
how does uv light activated fluorescence
what does informal logic mean
what brought about the great depression
what country is turkey in
what criminal act did whoopi goldberg commit
what county is Augusta , GA located in ?
How many pages of text can you store onto a cd ?
how many spots on the blackhawks roster were turned over
what do people usually give up for lent
how did the chernobyl nuclear disaster affect nature
how do you use a subjective complement
what artist has won the most grammys
how many albums has eminem sold in his career
how many feet in an acre
What implication ( s ) does the law of conservation of matter have for humans ?
what do pigs eat
how much data did the 3.5 inch floppy hold
what does a cutter do
what it takes aerosmith album
what does the goddess athena tell odysseus he is to do ?
what county is erie colorado
WHAT BOARD DOES PS3 SEPT 2007 HAVE
how did dali 's works change over time
what classes are considered humanities
what christmas tree did white house have in 2011 AND where was it from
what does the president of the usa do
how does taste differ from the other senses ?
what do Acarina eat ?
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?
what did paul snider , dorothy stratten 's husband look
how does gilgamesh consequently view his immortality
how many eukaryotic cells are in a animal ?
how much did internet fraud amount to
what forces are included in the coalition force
what happens to the chemical composition of cocaine when you add it to alcohol
what kind of cut is tri tip
what county is willmar mn in ?
how much does the speaker of the house make '
how do you determine pump frame type
How did the pendulum improve upon earlier clocks ?
what did bull run end for the north
how does weather happen
how many music awards has katy perry won ?
how many countries have english as an official language
what countries are in cono sur
how often are meetings held for businesses
how many innings makes an official game
how did phone numbers get split 3 than 4
how will a uk collection company collect money when you are in the usa
how was marijuana discovered
how many quarterbacks played for the redskins in 1980
what branch of the military is delta force
what form of decay does not change the atomic number of them decaying atom ?
how long does a back waxing last
what ancient cultures had marketplaces
what happened to duffy waldorf
what does the doghouse do in a glass furnace
what causes the seasons
what happened on april 11 1861 at fort sumter
what does 3g network mean
what does Mazel tov ! mean
How Do You Get Hepatitis C
how does flexible spending account work
how tennessee became a state
how long should i wear my cock ring
how many baseball teams usa
how does Delaware support its claim to being the first state ?
what can electrical energy be transformed into
how many teams start nhl playoffs
how many amendments in the US constitution
what does fidelity do
what does MOAT pic service mean in Geico ?
how is sociology different from thinking
what causes thunder sound
what do do the colors on the flag of palma de mallorca mean ?
how does lex luthor die in superman
what day is the federal holiday for Martin Luther King Jr .
how many camera phones
what happened to superman in the comics
how many horsepower does a bugatti veyron have
what does it mean to take communion in the catholic church
how many public universities are in the state of Louisiana
how many words are in a short story
what area code is 810
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter
what kind of earthquake was haiti
what kind of horse was mr ed
What does Rapture meaning in a theological sense ?
who does chris humphries play for
where in the bible that palestine have no land in jerusalem
what are the test scores on asvab
what are corporation balance
what is .17 hmr caliber
what professional baseball pitchers were on the Schaumburg Flyers
what movies has rachel weisz turned down
what made the civil war different from others
where to buy potato bread made without wheat
what states are on pacific daylight time
what year was the 8 track invented
what leaves are in pharaoh ramses 2 mummy
who owns the texas rangers
who killed julius caesar
what are the official languages of nigeria
What are the characteristics of wild carrot ?
what part of the government is the federal court judge in ?
who has nellie furtado collaborated with
who played guitar on the kiss album , creatures of the night
Who discovered the sense of touch ?
what is a magnolias kingdom ?
who wrote white christmas
what are the different types of cross country skiing
what are use taxes ?
who pulmonary hypertension
what are sanuks made of
what is an array in programming
what is a typical annuity premium
who has obama appointed to the supreme court
what are the major airports in mexico
what are non-agency bond
Who Discovered Nuclear Power
when did the cold war start
what state is pike 's peak in ?
who originally did the song , free by zac brown band
when did talk radio begin in the U.S. ?
who regulates hipaa
what state is jakarta in ?
what year was air conditioning created
what song is sung in 6 foot 7 foot
what we talkin about band member
who put the bible in verses
what is a book index
who can file suspicious activity report
who created facebook
what are the sulfas
who plays angie on george lopez
when do geese lose their down
when does into the wild 30 seconds to mars concert dvd come out ?
who played ralphie in a christmas story
who owns joe 's crab shack
where do cruises dock in new york city
who plays `` the frog '' on ncis
what is a right wing christian
when did they establish the song rocketeer
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )
where did hurricane katrina begin
who owns us treasuries
what is an assist in basketball
what is 1 mil guaranies in united states dollars
where did the persian war take place
where can i find shantytowns during the great depression
where does matt hasselbeck live
what are the impacts of information communication technology to public relation practices
who plays angie lopez
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model
what part of the pig is bacon
where did erisa come from
what percent of illegal immigrants are from mexico and europe
what school district is alvin in ?
what nerves run through the humerus
what are the houses of hogwarts
when us subprime mortgage market collapse
What kind of personality test is the MBTI
who plays judas in lady gaga video judas ?
when did marvin gaye
what movie won the academy award for best picture in 2000
what type of game is heavy rain
what are superannuation contributions ?
who played derwin davis on the first 2 episodes of the tv show the game
when does the electoral college votes
when barack obama was born
what type of chain on a honda cbr1100xx
what percent of providers have electronic health records
who wrote rhythm of the ancient mariner
what is a .PAC file
what race is Zendaya coleman
what are the names of airport pa
where does apple operate
what are spoilers for
what year was mario popular
who sings i am a man of constant sorrow
what are the units for volts
who kill franz ferdinand ww1
who build the san juan capistrano mission
who sings better off dead in better off dead
what year was superdome built
what year did disney 's animal kingdom lodge open
who created the populist party
what are two languages in Nigeria ?
what war led to Pearl Harbor
what are the thing in a stapler ?
what types of muscles are those of the swallowing mechanism ?
what race was Thaddeus Stevens
where translation on DNA happens
what is a mms message
where in the world are smallpox common
what year did the beatles came out with the song i wan na hold your hand
what is a gasser car
when an ekg has T wave inversion in lead 2
what are some advantages that donald trump has had
who sang that song-a change is going to come
who invented geothermal energy technology
what is a form of legal ownership
who wrote what 's my name rihanna
what is a constant in math ?
who won the SC election 2010
where would you be standing on june 21 if the sun were directly overhead at noon .
WHAT SINGER MARRIED HIS COUSIN
when did abraham lincoln write the emancipation proclamation ? ?
what songs are used in the sucker punch trailer
what are the factors of production for digital cameras
what are web related servers
who founded the American Red Cross
what type of sound does a rooster make ?
where can i play pokemon cards
who owns land rover
when does season 9 of bleach begin
what states have legalized prostitution
what states are on the east coast
when president nixon resigns
when did sertraline come on the market
who sing the five heartbeats songs
when did secretariat win
what are batteries made up of
what is a full job time ? ?
when a seahorses mate die do they die
what are schedule 1 drugs according to iowa state law
what people used mayan numeral system
what lyndon b johnson like to as a boy
what are the effects of low progesterone levels in a woman
who plays as big bird
what is a webtrends profile
who accompanied King louis the VII of France on the second crusade
who founded walmart
when did gary moore die
what is a hosting company on a website
what are the obstetric emergencies
where did the first airplane fly
who won antm cycle 12
who owns exxon mobil
who built the globe
who played in it 's a wonderful life
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for
what is a rock quarry
Who Started the Mormon Church
what is an asset account
what kind of potential is created after a neuron is excited
who won the 2009 super bowl
what wavelengths are the most harmful on the em spectrum
what are the characteristics of bryophytes
what is a good bank road ?
when did xbox release
what the multiple endings of john say about its possible authorship ;
what are the ten things god cursed pharaoh with
what is a roll play games
when did the civil war start and where
What are the busiest airports in the world
who staRTED WORLD WAR I ?
what part of the bp oil spill affected the water
where the streets have no name filming location
what movies has tom hanks died in
what time does the cape come on ?
where did halley 's comet come from
what are the 40 largest cities in the us
where did the mayflower land
what is a forward in soccer
WHO QUALIFIES AS A DOMESTIC PARTNER IN CA
where did mark jackson play pro basketball ?
what languages are spoken in south africa
what is aluminum nitrate used for
what are the Jets New York Jets ?
what are shrooms the drug
Who controlled Alaska before US ?
what shape are arrondissement organized
what protects the vagina
what year did reds win world series
what are stink bombs made of
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?
what months are in each season
what are the economics of the netherlands
who produced loyal to the game ?
who has been co-hosts on the view ?
when to get wild chokecherry ?
what terminal is delta at lax
what year did peyton manning get drafted
who owns bakers footwear
what is a penny made of
what temperatures can koi live in ?
who does afge represent
what is a major trend in land plant evolution
what teams won super bowl
where in Texas is Martin County ?
what is a normal alkaline phosphatase blood reading
when do i plant triticale
who wrote puff the magic dragon
who has the most national championships
where did the money for the new scoreboard in milwaukee come from
when did expos become nationals
what is a contingent fee with an attorney
what is a college convocation
when does sons of anarchy return 2011
what type of volcano is grimsvotn
what is a vetting process
what states are harrah 's properties in
what is a landed immigrant in canada
who killed erica cain
who reports the consumer price index
where does the expression `` knocking on wood '' come from
what are rocker arms ?
who sang the nights the lights went out
where does the return address go on mail
what is a synthetic conduit
when does the seas second season on hardcore pawn start
what is amoxicillin for ?
where did lyndon b johnson tour to announce his war on poverty ?
who voices wolowitz mother ?
what state was the civil war in
where did the early humans live ?
who did cuddy get engaged to on house
what track and field event for me ?
what year was gulf war
What U.S. President 's head has been featured on the nickel ( five-cent coin ) since 1938 ?
what types of trees , flowers , or plants are commonly found in canada
When did F15s first fly
what is a mimio board
what is a harlot in the bible
what are the goals of the organization of American states
where did columbus really land in 1492 ?
what is a brindle boxer
what are SATA Power Connector
who invented the internet
who produced the gift by susan boyle
What kind of poem is `` This is Just to Say ''
who played dumbledore in harry potter
what produces calcitonin
what material is a mouse pad made out of ?
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?
Who Makes Nexen Tires
who did richard nixon refer to as the silent majority
what year did the last monkeys go into space
what raid levels use striping
what are cytotoxic lymphocytes
who narrates the big lebowski
who Plays snape in harry potter
what are grits made from
when does embryo secrete hgh
when did coca cola first come out
what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government ?
what state is new england in
who starred in the drama emergency
What states are in the Eastern Standard time zone ?
what is an atomic number periodic table
what version minecraft free
who played batman in dark knight
who discovered am and made the first successful amplitude-modulated transmission of voice ?
what people sung at sydney opera house
what is a good bmi
what kind of person was thomas paine
what phase clinical trial new drug application
where did the nickname packers come from green bay
what part of the corn is used in ethanol production
who shot franz ferdinand
who has renee zellweger dated
what are the three ossicles
what are new covenant church
who have presidents pardoned
what time is it in tampa florida
what size engine does a chevrolet cavalier have
when did at & t retire analog wireless
what year did martin luther king die
what are some animals in a tigers environment
Who worked out the reactions that occur in the dark reactions of photosynthesis ?
what to make with linen
what spanish speaking countries have the most world cup titles
what is a wii motion remote
who composed the Singapore national anthem
who built the first ship
what south dakota county is wakonda in
what are the 4 largest cities in the u.s
what is a r4 card
what are american people of japanese descent called
Who holds records for most weeks spent at number one as female artist
when does v start
what is a cache and dash ?
what the name of the song krs 1 and dnice made
WHAT MUNICIPAL BOND INTEREST IS TAXABLE
Who sings the rap song that uses spencer davis beat ?
who created imdb
what is a bus adapter in a computer ?
where does cashmere come from
what is a Jennifer Convertible sofa
Who invented egg rolls
what westerners include in pain and suffering
what is a medallion guarantee
who destroyed street cars
who designed the georgian colonial house styles
who wrote the song in the mood
who discovered planet neptune
what is a 10 '' Vinyl Release
what are they like in tropical grassland in plant
what religions used henna
what is `` thin film '' technology
what level does gears of war go up to
when trees grow in brooklyn
what zones are tropical
what you need short story
when did playhouse square reopen ?
when does air bag deploy
who gets a w2 form
what is a class c driver 's license
what are some chinese inventions
What are the primary components of globalization that affect how the practice of medicine takes place in the U.S. ?
what team was the movie the replacements based on
where does american airlines fly into italy
who sung the banana boat song
when did wwi begin
when does the next season of Nurse Jackie start
what year did keeping up with the kardashians begin
what two empires fought to control afghanistan
what triggered the civil war
what makes up cost of goods sold
what is a store confectioner
what species does johnson grass in oklahoma belong to ?
what are tires made of
who killed general warren in bunker hill
what are organic semiconductors and what is concept of homo and lumo in organic semiconductor
where do women ejeculation exactly coming from
who won the women 's world cup
what problems does jamal face in the book Scorpion
Who do they say the Son of Man ...
when to hunt red fox
when did cigarette commercials get banned
what machines are called Les Flippers in France ?
What are the levels of Hell
who owns smirnoff
what number is big brown
who wrote serenity prayer
what are the Declaration and Resolves of the First Continental Congress about
what is a low pulse rate
what will happen to the hills cast members now
what is a bad beat in poker
where do goldfish live
what part of beef are rouladen cut from ?
where does cellular respiration occur
what are some countries
what is a lapping machine
who said dallas cowboys were america 's team
who plays ethan in my babysitter 's a vampire
what year did ford taper the pickup bed
What are the two initials of the first US president to resign from office
what are the health effects of drinking bottled water
what are the rivers in india
What are the fundamentals of Bretton Woods system for fixed exchange rates
what motors do ducatis have
what is a good credit score
what is a base SI unit
what river goes through colorado national monument
where do the stripes go on the service charlies
what state is area code 419
WHAT MOVIE HAD MICKEY GILLEY 'S SONG `` I WAS BORN A DREAMER '' IN IT ?
what is 9/11 bombings
what are herbivores in finding nemo
when to dance with the iconic boyz
what are social security taxes
what is alcohol content of beer per volume
what town is laurel hollow ny in
when did charles dickens live
when did the civil rights movement begin
who won fifa world cup 2010
when did egg mcmuffin get invented
who shot john lennon ?
what state is new orleans in
what where the most important factors that led to the defeat of the democrates in 1968 ?
what is a fraggle rock gorg ?
when did kurt cobain kill himself
what is a millwright worker
who financed the movie the adjustment bureau
what product 's main ingredient is sodium Azide ?
what are the colors of a rainbow
when did the UK Labour Government replace the Conservative Government ?
what the names of destiny 's child
who founded the cdc
what major agencies are studying earthquakes
who all has debby ryan
who created the tourbillon movement ?
what is an .msi file
what is a Four Lokos
what is a fret on a guitar
where did people go and drink during the prohibition
What is a millionth of a meter
what are geologists currently researching
what size drill to tap 1/4 in tap
when did the us stop producing vacuum tubes
what year were skittles made
where did winston churchill go to school
where can i buy ruby gloom dvd
what model years did the ford focus zx3 have the zetec engine
what organisms can not grow on a glucose salt medium
what is an agents job role in film
who discovered the 2 moons of mars , Phobos and Deimos
WHAT IS A LAW ENFORCEMENT MURDER BOOK
what is a melon baller used for
what are Knowledge Skills Abilities
what are the elements in whole grain oats
when album love always released
what is 5 1 arm mortgage
who killed robert kennedy
what time was the modern age from\
when Harry met Sally case
who owns hamburger helper
what makes a dwarf planet
what are debit cards made of
when did jack lalanne die
what rank is the highest in the air force
where does Penelope Cruz come from ?
what is `` my computer '' called for windows 7
who made the original care bears
what states does interstate 70 travel through
when do solar eclipses happen ?
what are the three dominant political parties in America ?
where do mangos come from
where has gil byrd coached ?
what latitude is tropic of cancer
what video format will play in a DVD player
what is a leecher torrent ?
what part of the government governs the US post office ?
what state is the capital in
what are square diamonds called ?
what is a dogs classification
what types of microscopes do not require a vacuum
who owns popeyes chicken
what is a good leg press
what nationality is wendy williams
who said give me liberty or give me death
what are the colors of newfoundland and labrador
what president was theodore roosevelt
what is 2nd or 3rd cousin once removed
who starred in webster
when a cell divides
what are the mountain ranges of massachusetts
who sings backup on no one to blame howard jones
what year did phil mellor die at iom tt wiki
when did mass unemployment start ?
what society is collectivist
what is adem disease
where does acid from stomach originate ?
what kind of wood was used for car trim ?
what is a biwa pearl
who created bing
who usually catches the football
what percentage of irish people get an education
who made hubble telescope
what are anti inflammatories
when tonight show first started in 1962 everyone did this on camera
when did andrea doria sink
what are dialysis tubes
who invented the thermometer
what are the names of the 7 dwarfs
what is a cervix childbirth
What songs were used in the Viva La Bam episode Raab 's Russian Mail Order Bride
when flushed away came out on dvd
when did boston braves move
what are leaf lobe
Who played Spanky on Little Rascals
when did zacharias janssen make a discovery related to the cell theory
what state is tahoe in
who proposed amendment 27
when they came for the jews
what are the largest islands in the world
what are four thirds cameras
what is a HVAC company
who did james bond work for
who wrote nature boy
what numbers the louisiana
when did women get the right to own property
what are the top three laws in science
when did playstation 3 first launch
who dies Jill , Lauren , Stephanie or Brooke
who played in the 2010 NBA Finals
where does ground pepper come from
what is a normal ejection fraction
where do prosecutors get evidence for criminal court
When did Strawberry Shortcake dolls appear
who contacted muhammad
who wrote the famous novel Great books of the western world volume 27 ?
who wrote the song cocaine
when did pearl harbor get bombed
who won season 2 of project runway
what is a mule in coins
what time did the dallas september 8 , 2010 tornado hit
What to do for low lymphocyte count
what versions of windows do not have powershell
who plays mary poppins in the movie
what is an arc in a story plot
when does black friday start for christmas
where did the film the family that preys take place at
what is 1/10 net 30
what other territories did the english sharing the island of st kitts
who sang what a wonderful world
what month is the president inaugurated
what songs are on the new lady gaga album
who died on the florida gators college baseball team in 2010
where do most political candidates get their money
what movement was elizabeth cady stanton a part of
who starred in my fair lady
who deregulated the banks
what radio station are the boston bruins on ?
What year does the short story `` There Will Come Soft Rains '' take place ?
what are the characteristics of an ethnic group
what percent of total energy is solar energy
where latin
who shot abraham lincoln
what are add ons
what are club seats
where sophia loren lives in italy
what states in the US has more suicide rate 2009 ?
what school did oprah winfrey help
what year was digicel founded in trinidad
what teams are winning the most match in fifa 11
what is a code white in weather
who made the aqueduct
what structure is disulfide bonds
what percentage of england is christian
what started the riots in newark , nj 1967
what is a redshirt freshman football player
who started world war i
who rules communism government
what would michael phelps like to see
what staffing policy does lenovo use currently
what is a slugs slime made out of
what is ( sic )
who overthrows france
What are 2 United States Senators that are from Pennsylvania ?
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby
who jumped the fence at gettysburg during the civil war ?
what is a discipline of study
what is a php application
who did john f kennedy run against ?
who wrote stand by me
what are metaphors used for
what printmaking process does n't require the text to be reversed
what are the names of the ll divos
what is an aircraft interception
where did the vietnamese settle in america
when did hitler kill himself
when can st louis buy alcohol
where do flesh eating bacteria live
when did world war 2 end
what is a llc company ?
what are k cups
what is a chronograph watch
what is a PCI port used for
where does michael w smith come from
what origin is the name sabotage
where did patrick henry go to college at
who invented the television
when did they show cartoons in movie theaters
what are the guidelines of form a black motorcycles club
what are the side effects for lyme disease
what are penises made out of
what are a and r reps
what measurement is a furlong
what is a high energy lithium battery
where does ray lamontagne live
when the wind blows james patterson
what are the pittsburgh steeler colors
who made facebook
where did the british defeat of Rommel
what are the catholic gifts of the holy spirit
who created earth day
where do you find iodine
what are lobbying groups
who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968
Who played the role of Tracy Turnblad in the original 1988 version of the movie `` Hairspray '' ?
what religions are considered christian
what president made decision to buy louisiana
who sang cool jerk
what is a league in the sea
when did ireland become republic
what negative element was introduced into the the campaign between andrew jackson and john ouincy adams
when will ie9 be released
what are the ingredients of alka-seltzer
what are stalagmites and stalactites
what are the acronyms for masters degree
when did classification of races begin
when did lucy stone died
what are stocks and bonds
what are the actual sizes of scale models
what operating system does the zune run ?
what states has the electric chair
when does the house of delegates meet in maryland
when did germans enter paris in ww2
who wrote the song feelin alright
What underwear does Devon Werkheiser wear ?
who invented the electronic health record system
what are loan originations
When did the New Deal start
where does the word woman comes from
what year did aerosmith i dont want to miss a thing
when did daylight savings time start
What region of France is Montargis in ?
what is a unit numbering system ?
where in gospel of mark does the disciples question Christ deity
what year lord of rings made ?
who plays carly on drake and josh
when does college football training camp start
what is file based system
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?
What role did clint walker play in the movie The Ten Commandments
where does louisville rank with broadway shows
what temperature is a salt ice bath
what not to say to eating disorder
when slavery abolished
what produces primary xylem ?
what are the 4 eras of time which one do we live in
what is a ti 82 ?
when character was king
who funds whale wars
Where did the harpy eagle came from
who invented the biological system of nomenclature used to classify plants and animals
what record company was john lennon with
what significant event happened to rip van winkle
who has won the most grammys
when did pee wee herman hosts saturday night live
who played donna in that 70 's show
who owned kansas before it became a state
what are the three mental states in psychology
when did thomas jefferson become president
who sang sun city
who played the commandant in the police academy movie
who won the most nba championships
when editing precision means
when did the word fuck begin
what are the 7 continents
what track was biker boyz filmed at ?
what is a community property state
what time will kate/will wedding start in united states
what race is nick lachey wife vanessa minnillo
what are the parts of a hand called
who made the wwe too cool song
what type of light does digital alarm clock use
who voices quagmire on family guy
when monopoly came out
what is a sacrifice in baseball
what state is Mn
who do I talk to about federal grants
what naturally occurring isotopes does cobalt have
Who Moved My Cheese Synopsis
who replaced nikita khrushchev
what to look for with GI bleeding
what percent of kids 15 and under make up the human population
what is a luxeon led
What Are Mnemonic Devices
who passed no child left behind
what is a wheel well on trucks
what kind of transportation was there in the middle ages
what are the songs from the music man
What is a surveyors wheel
where all deserts once lake
where did world war 1 start
what year was girls just want to have fun release
when can you use a defibulator
who created the cato institute
who killed count Dracula
what are the players in Quidditch ?
what powers are specific to a particular house of Congress ?
who wrote the song a little more country than that >
who makes blackberry
when does a demand curve shift ?
what are the reasons for historical change
who shot malcolm x
what year did george bush name hank paulson secretary of treasury ?
what is a vm server
what type of spider has the most eyes
who played donna from that 70 ; s show ?
What percentile is my income of 140,000 of the population ?
what is a registered agent for an llc
who wrote life liberty and the pur
what are the rules of fencing
what are the quad muscles
when did the titanic sink
where is the human thigh located ?
What is the birth rate , death rate , life expectancy in Turkey
what is considered a large car
who is joel grey married to
when was james madison in the house of representatives
who is roman nicki minaj
What is and where is hydraulic fluid found and used for
Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made
when was IBM Power 6 announced
what is middle class in the us
Where Are `` SNL '' Cast Members Today ?
what is considered to be a disasters
What is the first program to run during a system boot sequence ?
What is firebird server
what is the rationale for outsourcing in firms
What is caused by the human immunodeficiency virus ?
when were the first firemen
When was the first Mary Poppins book written
What is the name of the main male character in the last song that miley falls in love with
what is sims language
what is UT testing
what is the function of the vas deferens ?
What is Ischemia or infarction ?
what is the lifespan of a down 's syndrome individual
WHAT IS COLD FLUSH
When was the Montgomery bill founded ?
what was nixon accused of
who is elizabeth from general hospital who are the boys fathers
what is reagan known for
what was the crude death rate in 1990 ?
what is evoked otoacoustic emissions
where was thomas located on october 27
who is victoria jackson from saturday night live
what was the post modernist era in literature ?
who is the group enigma
when was scooby doo created
What is the name of the six-part comic book mini-series based on a character in Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 ?
what is the federal death tax
who is gavin rossdale married to
when was raphael born
who is julia roberts married to
who is the CEO OF FACEBOOK
who was on the mayflower
who is on the ways and means committee
What Is the Largest Whale
where is the seed located in an artichoke
who is on the hundred dollar bill
what is david from the bible diet
what is kathmandu known for
what is the system in field hockey
where is cane from the young and the restless
who is johnny depp 's band
When was the first world wide web created
where is mark sanchez from
who is paul avery to the zodiac killings
what is sump pump used for
when was bloody kansas in
What Is Benzene Used For
where was giovanni schiaparelli born ?
what is homebrew for wii ?
who was bush 's national security advisor
what is the name of an investigation with controlled variables
What is the complete ground state electron configuration for the iron atom
what was john adams doing to help france
what were the major obstacles facing the Industrial Revolution/
who is juliet huddy dating
what is the largest city by area in the us
what is another name for the large intestine
where is green bay packers from
where is the valley at in los angeles
when was the world of coca cola built
who are the characters in pretties
when is susan smith eligible for parole
what is the highest mountain in america and where is is located ?
what was the first honda car
when was everybody hates chris made
what is lung effusion
who is the writer of the beowulf poem ?
who is shem in the bible
what is go daddy.com ?
where is the country andorra located
what is george washington university known for
who is marrying kim kardashian
what is the highest point in oahu
who is on the $ 1000 bill
what was british honduras previously called
what is spelt flour
what is sherlock holmes job
what is only constitutional leadership position in house of representatives
what is jello made of
where is kennywood in pittsburgh
what is social security card used for
what is the minimalist trend
What were the problems with Dalton 's original laws ?
what is the largest university in the us
Who is the rap singer in right round with kesha in the background ? * ( dancer ) *
who is the current Chief Justice of the U.S. supreme court ?
what was the first oil company to operate at prudhoe bay
when was the american labor union formed
what is boutique bank
what is the largest credit union
what is the singer Stevie Wonders full name
what is definition of psychotic
Who is General Grievous of Star Wars
what is BB statistics
what were the disease like in the great depression ?
what is an irregular heartbeat pvc
what is wrong with gary busey 's face
what is the truth in negotiations act act
what is max gross weight for 2004 international semi truck
who was the quarterbacks in the super bowl between the steelers nd the cowboys
what is flour made from
what is my resting heart rate at age 24
what is the name for an old horse-drawn vehicle
where was the tsunami in 2005
what is the source of geothermal energy
what is cubic ft
who was ho chi minh in vietnam war
where was All roads lead home filmed
what is the california sales taxes
what is another name for cpu
what is RFID equipment
what is comp time in disd
What is the main disadvantage of using algorithms
what is lost purchasing power
what is the primary language of South Korea
who was charged with murder after the massacre at My lai
who were the hijackers in 9-11
what was muhammad 's vision
Who is the world 's oldest living person
What was the movement of enslaved africans known as ?
what is metal music about
what is extreme right wing
what is the title of Hobbes main work
what is high emotional intelligence ?
what is the role of heredity
what is modified agi
who is the girl in the lazy eye video
what is prefix phone number
what is metformin used for
what is it like at mount rushmore ?
what is buttoned-down shirt ?
when is administrative assistant day
what is blasting ( mining )
what was nicholas poussins art known to be ?
where is keith whitley from
where are statutes formed
where are the internal and external iliac arteries
what is steam by valve corporation
what is jerry lewis real name
where is the Rhine river located on a map
what is sanskrit shri
what is civil engineering aBOUT
what was the main event for katherine dunham ?
what is peat moss good for growing ?
what is Network Interface Card ( NIC )
what is the united nations and what is its role in the world
Where is South Beach in Miami
who was john f kennedy up against
who was the king during macbeth 's time
When was the Milton Hershey school founded ?
what is an EPUB file
what is the controlled substance act known as
What is the third theory of language acquisition .
Who is the richest man alive in Houston ?
who was director of secret service in 1963
when was me and bobby mcgee first recorded ?
when was fdr elected as president
where was ms-13 originally from
what is bones job
where was the super bowl in 1991
when was malcolm x assassinated
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3
when was queen elizabeth ii married
who are florida 's 2010 senators
what is the name of the founder of doha
where are facial sinuses
what is lean manufacturing and who developed
what is the first icarly episode
who is is the singer westlife
what is vitamin a for
where is selena gomez from
where is tracie spencer now
what is the capital city of california .
when is it memorial day
What was `` Freedom Summer '' ?
What is the cultural background of blues
who is on the quarter
where is dia de los muertos celebrated
what was the Name the first electronic handheld calculator
when was washington elected president
what is the annual budget of medicare
where is the island New Guinea ?
what was wrong with ellen on seinfeld
what is bevo in text terms
what is in mylanta
what is in milk
What is motorcycle speedway racing
where is vitamin d found
what is the LMM engine
who is plato in the iditarod
who is the guy in the wheelchair who is smart
What is the SE nissan maxima
what is honey bee propolis
when was steven tyler born
what is blood urea
who was the player for the detroit lions that wayne fontes did a tribute to
where are the most concentration of jews living
what is corpus christi holiday
where is c-reactive protein made
who was the first european in the americas
who is keith richards married to ?
where is testosterone produced
what is the difference between multistage and cluster sampling
where is jamestown north carolina
who is natalie portman married to
what is cu the element
what is the largest major league sport in the world ?
what is latitude for observer at equator
what is Planned Value Cost
when is the first day of spring
when was jamestown colonized
what is the book of verses james frey reads in his book ?
where was john deere born ?
who is on the $ 10 . bill
when was andy griffith born
what was terri irwin 's cougar named
who was the first to argue that the sun was the center of the universe
who is norah jones parents
what is the fourth dimension of physics
who is fontana CA named after ?
what is the capacity of the cowboy stadium
What were the major economic activities of the early Canadians
what is Carbon 14 dating is a type of ?
what is the mortality rate for lightning strikes
when was peter kilmartin elected
What is sealing contact ?
what was the name of the magazine all teenager read in 2000s
when was the battle at tombstone fought
what is hdmi out
what is brees daughter 's name in desperate housewives
what is the population of algoma wi for 2010
what is the hangover 2 about ?
what is renaissance english
Who is the husband of Betty Ford
what is pecan a marker for
who was the runner up for miss usa
who was in great britain before the anglo-saxons ?
where is smoked salmon from
what is the voltage of a medical defibrillator
what was Coco Chanel 's real first name ?
what is grist mill stone
what is romania like ?
WHERE WAS THE 1ST GREEK CITY FOUND ANCIENT TIMES
what is rda for vitamin b12
who was the last roman emperor and how old was he when he ruled
what is the rule of the 9s
what is libya 's imr
where is kj 52 from
what is the sign for degrees
what is the root word of ovaries
what is the prognosis of stomach cancer
who is sara evans married to
what is the world 's biggest religion
What was berlin blockade problem
what is the symbol for euro
what is el mate
where was the auto industry started
what is dave batista doing now
WHO IS HENRY SAMPSON JR .
where is robert gibbs from
where is pitbull from
What was the original name of the holiday known today as Halloween ?
what is the age you have to be to have the right to freedom of speech
when was the sydney harbour bridge built
what is the name for the oldest island in the hawaiian hot spots
what is tasha from the backyardigans
when was eddie and the cruisers 1 and 2 released ?
what is the disease osteonecrosis of the jaw ?
What was the nickname of the 1967 Red Sox team that outperformed expectations and made it to the World Series
what is mincemeat made of
where was princess diana from
What Is Argentina Known For
where is hickory located nc
what is Polyester in packaging PET
who are the two senators of louisiana
what is in black and white pudding
WHO ARE THE STAKEHOLDERS IN A CHANGE PROCESS
who is director jack smight
what is dmitri mendeleev 4
where is modesto california
when was july 4 th declare a federal holiday
what is the female symbol called
what is leasehold ; real estate
what is Olivia 's brother 's name ?
where was the first canal in panama located
who was the president when benjamin franklin was alive
who is leaving criminal minds
what is the song heart shaped box about
what is the earth 's orbital speed
What is Denver 's oldest operating hotel ?
what is the resolution of a standard dvd ?
WHAT IS THE LENGTH OF A NAUTICAL MILE
what is there to view in shippensburg , pennsylvania
what is black hairy tongue disease
what is firewire used for
when was srv born
what is ethernet gigabit
when were forever stamps introduced
What is the HSMR percentage for the UAB Medical Center in Birmingham , ALA ?
what is tofu made of
Where is Bubbles the Chimp now
what is muse 's lead singer 's name
where is bloemfontein in africa
what is life all about
who is the actor who played the gay old guy in family guy
where is the princess from in The Princess and the Pea
what was life like for immigrant germans in america
what is in the preamble of the constitution
when was the internet started
who is southwest airlines parent company
where is rolling rock brewed
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?
what is the difference between magic eye 3d illusions and 3d technology ?
Who was John Adam 's children
who was on the 10 dollar bill
what is water jet propulsion
what is the icd 9 code for anterior synechiae
who is E from entourage
where was the Shining filmed
what is diet pepsi flavored with
what is Non-profit infrastructure
what is genetic differences
what is the political tea party
what is puerto rico currency
where was pepsi invented
who is ezekiel in the bible
what is New Orleans LA first basketball team named
when was birth control banned in the united states
what is the word for lung cancer ?
where was skiing originated
what was the main contribution of john maynard keynes made to economics
where are the ten commandments in the bible
who is girl picture on album Rank The Smiths
who was the foreman in gone with the wind
what is endodontic dentistry
what is mini sas protocol
What is the legal definition of `` natural born citizen '' ?
where was kirk warner 's parents born
who is the junior senator of nc
who is heisman trophy named after
who was the commander of UN forces in Korea
When is Lincoln Heights new season begin ?
what is Christian Protestant ?
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?
where was kite runner filmed
where is marijuana legal
where is loxahatchee fl at
what is the format of the canadian citizenship test
where are the former renaissance ships ?
What is the function of an epithelial free surface that is smooth ?
What is up with Kent Hovind
what is that dot on the forehead of indian women\
who is running for governor in nys 2010
who is stronger kid buu or super android 17
what is the comanche housing made from
what is the narration of the story ethan frome told in ?
where is good morning america studio
when was coca cola invented
what is four musical bars
what is the main source of power in today 's america factories ?
what is primary medicine
What was the Song Ocean Ave written about ?
what is education for a psychiatrist
what is sexual reproductive health rights ?
what is the newest suite life on deck episode
what is duo core 2 ?
when was the first super bowl
what is the origin of fiona
what is the official language of america ?
what is auto quarter panel
where is shropshire , uk
who is leonard in big bang
Where is The original A Team
where is diana prince from
what is religions of thailand
what is vat tax ?
what is high sticking in hockey
what is an sd memory card reader
what is bullying aggression
Who is the amber alert named after ?
Where Is Monica Lewinsky Today
when is the house of night book awakened coming out
when was the trogan war
what is the anarchy symbol called
where is the palatine canal
what is the lowest temperature ever recorded in antarctica
who are past pittsburgh steelers football coaches
what is the difference in meaning of fraud and illegal acts
When Is Passover Over
when is halley 's comet next
what is the term used to describe a period o high anti- Communist feelings in the US
where is Heron [ formular ] place of birth
what is soy made from
who is harrison ford married to
what is in chapstick ?
what is rationalism by john locke george berkeley
what is the population of qingdao
what is the biggest virus
when was mexican independence won
what is crohn 's and colitis
what is the tallest building in the western hemisphere ?
WHERE IS ROUGH AND READY , CA
where is the youtube headquarters
WHO WERE THE SINGERS IN SISTER ACT
what is compatible with directx 9.0b
where is quetzaltenango in guatemala ?
who was more heroic gilgamesh or enkidu
what is the first video game ever
what is the most successful video game series
when was Ann Richards governor of Texas
what is windows data protection data
what is futanaria
what is captcha code
when was jacques cousteau born
Where is the greatest concentration of KFC in the world
what is phylum cnidaria
what is the meaning of word aztecs
who is anderson cooper 's mother
what is standard deviation in statistics
what is melloco entero
where was the fugitive slave law made
when is frank pallone up for reelection
who is in the group trinity 5 7
what is eic earned income credit
who is doing the 2011 super bowl halftime show
when is international men 's day
where is valley village ca
what is lifespan development in psychology
where is the person who played `` joey stivic '' in all in the family
when is rose bowl game in 2012
when was the Declaration of Independence Signing
What is the name of the author who wrote Chitty Chitty Bang Bang and the James Bond novels ?
what is the arid vegetation
What is sign of cancer
who was the president in 1960
who is the new mayor of sherwood oregon
when was the patriot act enacted
what is the population of snohomish washington ? per year
what is the Dave Matthews band so popular
what is transcendental wild oats about
who was the first person to climb the mount of the holy cross
what is a gsm cell phone
what was the cash and carry lend lease
What is the Jerusalem Artichoke good for ?
what is el morro in puerto rico
what is older pyramid or stonehedge
who was in the women 's ncaa 1994 final four
where is the rosetta stone located in 2010
where are poison dart frog seen
what is cajeta in english
what is prince william 's last name
what is the language of mali
when is lunar new year 2011
where is rogers headquarters
what is the server for the internet
where were the Winter Olympics in 2006
when was the song help written
who is the creator of bing
what is the country with highest life expectancy
what is the population of kennewick , wa
what is the normal inr range
what is the meaning behind the song Moody 's , Im In the Mood ?
What is the value of understanding cross-cultural psychology ?
when was the lady gaga judas song released
what is mpeg4 avc or sp/asp
WHAT IS NON BINDING ?
when was the last eruption of mount augustine
where is island of belize
what is Roxio DLA
where are rex humbard kids now
what is the pill in limitless
when was alaska a state
where is university of nelson mandela metropolitan located
where are cover girl cosmetics sold
what is darwin 's origin of species
What is the name of the late Major League old professor
What is June known for ?
when was the constitution written
what is managerial engineering
what is the meaning of reimbursement
what is the use of a sales invoice ?
what is the main primary bronchus
what is squash the sport
what is fuel oil used for
when was the great fire in chicago
where is henry viii buried
what was the ratings of the final episode La Reina Del Sur
what is hosting a website
when was the first nfl madden game released
Who is Cindy Sheehan and what was her 'peace camp '
WHERE WAS WYCLEF JEAN BORN ?
what is right to set off payments
who are jennifer aniston 's parents
what is the real name of a white tiger
what is pci Interface
what is in caffeine
what is the biggest standard size for longboards ?
What is the world 's largest religious population ?
what is the name of mountains along california
when was the first automobile
When was John F. Kennedy born and when was he assassinated
what is slc fire alarm
what was the first video to air on mtv
when was Bandaranaike Airport built
what is black swan about
what is the internal pressure of a bomb calorimeter
where are flip flops made at
what is general average sacrifice
when was mumpsvax administered in 1960
when is carnival in trinidad for 2011
who is the mayor of chicago 2011
what is the song pumped up kicks about ?
when is the wv state fair
who was the 16 president of the united states
what is the lombardi trophy made of ?
who is the world 's oldest person
who is the inside guy on people 's court
when was the state of utah established
what is the location of coldwater ms
what is the function of the hard palate
what is the jewish bible called
what is the drinking and driving act
what was the first police department in the United states ?
where is Chayanne from ?
when is world war hulk movie come
WHERE WAS JOHN WAYNE BORN
what was galileo galilei 's personality
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen
what is eggnog made of
what is in a pasty
what is sympathetic stimulation
WHAT IS THE SPEED CLASS FOR CAMERA
what was the criticism of the new deal
where is larry the cable guy from
what is the purpose of vitamin d
what is an element on a periodic table
what is minimum wage of 2010
what is bourbon made of
WHERE IS THE REAL MONA LISA LOCATED ?
where is robert palmer now
what is cta used for
where is bastille day celebrated
when was america pioneered
where was the first march madness game played
what is neo lubrication
what is steve-from jackass last name
who is roseanne barr married to
when was jesus baptized
what is vitamin b12 used for
who was in full metal jacket
what is tmz stand for
who was the killer in scream 3
what is impingement of the shoulder
when is jla 1 scheduled for release
what is colonial americans day in usa
who is anderson cooper 's mom ?
when was the ancient greek republic was formed and on what date
what is the significance of Greenwich England
who is minka kelly 's father
what is ROB from mario
where is mint mark on liberty standing half
what is the width of a 1995 toyota 4 runner
who was the first one to invent medicine
what is the half life of potassium 40
what is singapore 's currency
what is the coleman report for white flight ?
What is the source of a superhero 's powers ?
who is sam 's father on one live to live
what is the plot of the shawshank redemption ?
what is an information technology manager
what is the names of the men who died in n.m. riot
what is the scientific name of a cardinal bird
what is topsoil used for
when was sechs Kleine Klavierstucke by arnold schoenberg written
who are the founder of mcafee associates company
when is the feast of St. Rita
what is the population of north america
where is j.cole from
what is ratchet from ratchet and clank
what is in a will
where is solar energy present\
where is thomas more buried
what was captain nemo 's nationality ?
what is the best record in mlb history
where is modem on WAN radio internet ?
when was the Declaration of Independence Signed ?
what is the gdp for greenland 2010 ?
What is hydrogen in
where was the movie unstoppable directed
what is bracketing in photography
what is the difference between inside glazed outside glaze
what is selenium and how used
who were the gop presidential hopefuls in 2006
what is prince of monaco last name
What is the disk defragmenter tool
what is level of agreement mean
who is the owner of shannon mall union city , ga
WHAT IS CONSIDERED THE MAINLAND OF HAWAII
what is rascal flatts song why about
who is a utilization manager
where was the outsiders book wrote at
what is the salary for a representative
when was supply chain management developed
when was purple haze by jimi hendrix made ?
what is human skin made of
Who was John Scott regarding the Bible
who is the actor that plays harry potter
what is the average time it takes to go through aa 12 step program
what is an incompetent witness
who are the current minority leaders in the house of representatives
what was the Germans ' last offensive on the western Front during World war 2
who is lance on suite life of zack and cody
What is the full name of the first lady and the vp wife
what is the mortality rate of sepsis
where is kos from ?
what is Uniform Commercial Code Article 4A
what is pitch in climbing
what is the defensive line in football called
what is tylenol 3 on schedule of drugs
what is the address of mother 's park & ride in wayne nj
what is the @ sign called ?
who is the book the catcher in the rye by ?
what is the deepest muscle in your body
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?
who is iowa 's state senator ?
what is base operations & maintenance
what is prince williams last name
what is soulja boy 's latest song
What is the enzyme responsible for transferring electrons to oxygen in the electron transport chain ?
what is in ultram
what was bernie madoff selling
when is administrative pro day
what is quasi judicial agency
where was tycho brahe when he discovered mars
WHERE IS GOCHEOK DONG BRANCH
what is wonton soup made of
who is inventor of the radio
what is scurvy disease
what is iron made of
what is commercial health insurance - Blue Cross Blue Shield
what is the ph of potato chips ?
what was henry clay 's political party
who is bj 's wholesale club
what is the name of the wizard of oz
who are kristina debarge parents
who is hawaii 's football rival
where is marvin gaye from
what was the distance of evacuation from the russian nuclear meltdown
what is santa 's wife 's name
what is hijackthis 1.99.1
when was Saddle Creek founded
what is the name of the episode in full house when uncle jesse locked michelle out
What was distinguished about the Stamp Act from previous taxes
where were pt boat hulls made in ww2 ?
What is the significance of Good Friday ?
where is the great basin located on a us map
what is raster wiki
what is the name of beowulf 's king
what was the date of pearl harbor
when was i 25 built in nm
who was the republican candidate for president in the 1969 elections
where is the processes tab located on windows xp
what is the kanji for language
Who was John R Detroit
who was the first civilian to make a magnetic compass
what was the height of the inca empire
where are the kidneys in your body
what is lockton affinity
what is white chocolate made of
who is massey oil don blankenship 's father
when was bow wow born
what is negligence in tort ?
what is an intradermal nevus
what is AST and ALT on complete metabolic panel
Where are most of the natural gas
who is the girl in imagination movers
what is plural for platypus
where is the chupacabra found
What is the purpose of North American Free Trade Agreement
what is the ideal mean radiant temperature
what was dante alighieri contribution in the renaissance
where are sumitomo tires made
where are the web templates for visual studio 2010 express
what is in the alpine mountain systems
what is the name of the family guy episode where lois 's sister has a baby
where is basque spoken
what were hamilton 's goals for establishing a national bank
who is james marsters dating
what is human chorionic
when was beyonce knowles discovered
what is angry all the time about
where is dear john filmed at
what is busiest airport in US
where is dora from
what is the year round climate in santa fe new mexico
what was Pepsico 's market price per share last year
who was the leader of the sons of liberty
where is osaka japan
what is special about flounder in little mermaid
What is codeine syrup ?
what is surname and given name
what is baume hydrochloric acid
what is wheat grain found in ?
where is the place of publication on a website
what is melissa and joey about
what is the 8-fold plan to end suffering
What was the song of the year 2010 grammy ?
What is an economic feature ?
what is schedule 4 drugs
what is the average american income
what is the difference between diabetic and adiabatic process
where was blue mountain state filmed at
When was Apple Computer founded
what is section eight housing
what is the main type of restaurant
what is us dollar worth based on
How are epithelial tissues joined together ?
how big is bmc software in houston , tx
how long was i love lucy on the air
how did armando christian perez become famous
how old is youngest mother in the world
how much is an adult film actor paid
How much is US National Debt limit ?
how did athenians make money
what bird family is the owl
what do you want from me quotes
how old do you have to be to get in the olympics
how does one get pancreatic cancer
How Many Judges of Israel
what happened to pink floyd
how many people were killed in the oklahoma city bombing
how does the book flatlands related to pre calc
how many electrons can a 1.5 v battery with a capacity of 2.2 AH hold at full charge
how many xbox 360 games are there
how far inland os tehachapi california
how many types of sclerosis
how many planets is jupiter away from the sun ?
HOW MANY TEAMS CAN A LEAGUE SEND TO LITTLE LEAGUE ALL-STARS
what episode of different strokes was clarence clemons in
how does a lens converter work ?
How does the hydrophobic and hydrophilic nature of the phospholipid layer regulate what enters and leaves the cell ?
what happened on the moon during the period of Late Heavy Bombardment ?
how many colors in the rainbow
what does the federal reserve do
how is foundation made
how many times did abraham lincoln take the bar exam
how did mark cuban make his fortune
what does a f 22 raptor cost
how many nature oceans are on earth
how many acres is toledo zoo
how do movies with low budgets handle wardrobe etc .
how many junior justices are in the supreme courts
how is a ms drg defined
how many times deeper is the pacific ocean than the arctic
what does a plus-minus sign mean
what does judgment as a matter of law mean
how much does christianity cover kenya
how fast formula 1
what causes dry drowning
What county is Aurora , IN
what county is Holly Ridge nc in ?
what forms seasons
how do people get color blindness ?
what kind of literature did john steinbeck writing
whatever happened clint walker
what countries enslaved Africans
what golf tournament did tiger woods first miss the cut as a professional
how many episodes of boardwalk empire
what does a full stormwater permit mean
how is kristen stewart ?
How is temperature determined ?
how many people go to macarthur 2010
how long do lights stay on eiffel tower at night ?
how is stoning performed
what channel is shopnbc on
how post and lintels are used
how many acts are in the scarlet letter
how many laws in judaism
what do marshalls do ?
how did he die outlaw billy the kid
what hormones produce thyroid
how the ku klux klan contributed to segregation
what guitar did joe bonamassa use to record had to cry today
how many kids go to a new school in a day in the usa
what happens in vegas plot
how did James Dean die ?
how do you measure temperature on electrical equipment
what colors are in a rainbow
what colony did france 1900
what kind of integrity is enforced when a primary key is declared
how is spider solitaire scored
How Works Diaphragm Pump
how many regions do the human brain have ?
How far is it from Quitman Texas to Natchez Mississippi
what days are smackdown on
how many episodes of young justice
how many police car used in making of dukes of hazzard
how many people come over the border from mexico annually
what country took over ireland
What happened to `` The Glades '' tv series
how many different energy drinks are sold in the u.s
how many consumers of pharmaceuticals
how much mercury is in a thermometer
what kind of company is Microsoft ?
how many kids does erykah badu have
what area code is 949
how many baseball clubs did walter o malley buy
where does the name platte come from ?
Who should the democrats vote for on 11/2/10
who sings the song never ending story
where does limestone form
what are risk for infections
who discovered neptune the planet
what separates me from you album
when did freddie mercury die
when did the lutheran church began
what are all the cities in orange county ca
who sang lead in voice for jem and the holograms
what tensions preceded the berlin blockade
who sang proud mary
what percentage of the human body is water
when did americans current immigration policies go into effect
Where did the name sheetrock come from
what materials are used for facial reconstruction
what part of the pre-world war 1 arms race was the most intense ?
where did the name glen burnie come from
what are the three primary colors in the subtractive color model
what is 6 pin din connector
what are the uses for gui
what are banana plugs for
when did the trojan war take place
what part of canada did slaves run away to ?
when does a solution crystallize ?
what money is jefferson on
when did the free soilers party start ?
when did steven adler play for guns and roses
who sings stand by me
where did abe lincoln conspirators meet
what year was elvis born
what are the arb medications
what part of the earth is covered with water 1/4,1/3,3/4 ?
what the atmosphere on mercury
what religion is westminster abbey
what are stanzas in poetry
who won the super in xl1
WHO won 2010 mlb mvp
what percent of women have no complications giving birth ?
what are the pulmonary alveolar cells
who played danny zuko in the original grease
Who elects the Board of Directors and what are their responsibilities
who won the 2010 world cup
what part of the plant are avocados
what would you do song
what are the roles that mouth
what us city has the highest murder rate
when did intel build in costa rica
who plays rosie in mamma mia
who starred in the original true grit
what motor does a 2001 monte carlo
where scottsdale ?
who had the social contract theory
what are the most known sports in america
what is an `` N.M ?
where did the tradition of leaving a sock come from
what year did john adams become president ?
what year did J.F . Rutherford die
who shot 50 cent
what is am 2201
what nuns ran the french hospital in ny ?
when did george washington died ?
what is a wiki platform
who plays dumbledore in harry potter 6
who made the roller skates
what towns are near to great falls south carolina
where do dungeness crab live
when did Emperor Justinian die
what song did ricky martin sing at the grammy awards
what is a klingon dish
what mountains are on appalachian trail
when did fidel castro take over cuba
when did scott pilgrim come out
what movie has the line in it `` I 'm walking here ! I 'm walking here ! '' ? '
what season is dexter on
What are context effects of memory ?
who won the 1998 world cup
Who wrote the song , `` Just the Way You Are ''
who played ugly betty
what kind of people are on the show skins
what nationality is kris jenner
what are the boundaries of the pelvic outlet
what time will the world end on may 21
who coined the term bucket list
who makes triumph motorcycles
where did sharecroppers get their last name
What party describes a candidate that focuses on creating new social patterns or values with direct government action
where do sesame seeds come from
where did the olmecs come from
what state is milwaukee in
what are garnishments
what are the charges against Casey Anthony
what organic molecules are found in cottage cheese
when will inuyasha the final act be dub
what are arizona 's symbols
what are SLR cameras
where is nw 23
what is the scientific name of the eastern tiger salamander ?
what was the steelworkers strike
what is the point or the qwerty
when was the web invented
who is on a dime
what is the name of canada 's constitution after it became independent from england
where is andy whitfield from ?
what is the formula for the phosphate ion ?
what is the difference between Cub cadet at home depot
where is scotty mccreery from
where is david ortiz from
when was kirstie alley on cheers
what was mexico 's original capital
what is top marginal tax rate
what is the cabin pressure of us airlines
who was the wbc boxing champion in 1962 ?
where are the archipelago islands
what is STPP model strategy in public relation stands for what
what was the first movie to become a video game ?
where is penn state stadium
where is Shelton Benjamin , WWE
what is the significance of the headwear of a saudi prince
when is father 's day 2010 in the USA ?
who is the secretary of state florida
who is amy poehler married to
when were the jews removed from the promised land
what is fastest ethernet hub
what was the parthenon used for
what is stepwise linear regression
what is zoom range
what is the definition of a hung jury
where is the coyote ugly bar
where was jfk buried
what is baklava recipe
who is carlos pena on big time rush
where is the arctic circle located on the earth
where are colors on stoplight
what is the frequency of seizures
where is baby bash from
who is it that hangs himself in shawshank redemption
what was the GE building in rockefeller plaza called before .
What is D Application in code blocks
what is ron weasley 's sister 's name
WHO WAS IN THE MOVIE I CONFESS WITH MONTGOMERY CLIFT
where was merle haggard born ?
what is matt 's power power of five
what is article 5 about
What is the name of the Norwegian who is known as the `` father of modern skiing , '' being responsible for Telemark skiing
What is the function of albumin ?
when were 4g wireless networks launched in the United States ?
what is the country of Ecuador known as ?
what is chicken chow mein
what is dominican republic 's most important natural resource
where is Desmanthus Illinoensis found
when was pearl harbor bombed
what is associates arts degree
What was Captain Ahab 's Ship in the novel `` Moby Dick ''
what is oregon institute of technology like
what is linkedin used for
what is the role of the amygdala
where is rashard lewis from ? ? ?
What is on a grocery store
what is india 's current income gap
what is the song just a dream by carrie underwood about
what is contemporary period based on
what is the song here without you about
What was The Autocrat of the Breakfast Table about ?
what was the warm temperature in the most northern area of canada ?
who was kentucky s first basketball coach
where is the world cup in 2010
what is mepsipax
what is jagger bombs
who is the author of tree grows in brooklyn
what is flex 3
what is the german name for frederick friedrich
when was the first census of all 50 states
what is the difference between alpha lipoic acid and lipoic acid
who is songwriter david gray
when was library of congress built
what is gravy made of
what is a research abstract
what is the movie when jennifer love hewitt cooks
What is the the North American Free Trade Agreement ?
When was 27th amendment proposed
who is in The school of athens
where was paul revere born
what is float format
where are kenworth trucks built
where is UWA on world list of universities
what is the storage capacity of a floppy disk
where are the jonas brothers right now
who are the parents of anguilla
what is IBRIX
what is bilirubin total
where is ccr from
what is the average wear time for braces
what is three phase electrical
Who is the highest scoring NBA player
what is direct marketing channel
what is disney 's magic kingdom
what is the name of the family who own the biltmore estates in nc
who was the congressman who was caught with an escort in ny
when is the next national election ?
what is the name of chris cornell 's band ?
what is global warming not caused by
what is raid 1+0
What is St. Lucia Known for ?
HOW AFRICAN AMERICANS WERE IMMIGRATED TO THE US
how large were early jails
how a water pump works
how old was sue lyon when she made lolita
how are antibodies used in
how old is alicia in 2009
how big is a land section generally
how old was shakespeare 's juliet
how are fire bricks made
HOW MUCH IS CENTAVOS IN MEXICO
How long was Mickie James with WWE ?
how can something taste good to one person
How did Bob Marley die ?
how much was the production of willy wonka and the chocolate factory
how much is a ream of paper
how can i open a usda slaughterhouse
how close or far do you want to be to the standard deviation
how deadly are brain tumors
how tall is an indoor girls volleyball net
how does interlibrary loan work
what bacteria grow on macconkey agar
how did harmon killebrew get strong
what happened to sean parker founder of napster
How much did Waterboy grossed
what ingredients are in rockstar recovery ?
how hard is it to weld a 2 inch schedule 80 pipe
how is whooping cough distinguished from similar diseases
How Do You Play Spades
what causes heart disease
what countries did immigrants come from during the immigration
how is cia headquarters protected
how many smoots in a mile
How did Galahad prepare himself to become a knight ?
how far is a league
what can sql 2005 do
what does google do n't be evil mean ?
what does a fawn eat ?
What band will at & t 4g network be on ?
how long can run flats run before changing
how many acres is cooperstown dream park
how many bass species are there
how has the american dream changed over the years
what do presidents make after they leave the white house
what does righteousness mean
how tall Russian President Dmitry Medvedev
How does Chronic Kidney Disease stage 4 effect Diabetics
what experiments are being performed on the iss
how did crater lake get its color
how does a dim sum restaurant work
what color is hazel
what division is tsu football
what city was the convention when gerald ford was nominated
how did dottie west die
how much does baby ruth candy
what does pride and prejudice end with ?
how many digits long is visa
what kind of checks ( payment ) are acceptable at schools ?
how many times did Serena Williams play the French Open
how thick is 26 gauge wire
what causes the shapes in giant 's causeway
how is jerky made
what did tycho brahe do
how do you become listed in who 's who in the world
how old r Dylan and Cole Sprouse
how long did it take to make the blair witch project
how did romeo and juliet die
what does s.h.i.e.l.d stand for
what kind of feet do herons have ?
what day is st. patricks day
how is the house of representatives close to the people ?
how old billie jean king when she beat bobby riggs
how many books are included in the protestant Bible ?
What can cause a `` shift to the left ''
what became of rich on price is right
how does a heat pump work
how did women 's role change during the war
how many seasons were there of the wire
how many political parties are there in USA
how many shows are filmed in a season for jersey shore
how many humps on a camel
what can be powered by wind
How Rich Is Donald Trump
what county is jacksonville florida in
what does a liquid oxygen plant look like
What does a sex change entail to become a man
How many have accomplished climbing mt Everest ?
how do i get from charleston wv to handley wv
how does new orleans celebrate st. patrick 's day
how many people died in the gallipoli battle
what age do vietnam fish start to fight
What does Human sperm consist of ?
how many political parties in india ?
how old female dog in heat reproduce
how many inmates released from prison in 2008
how many episodes is the 2nd season of vampire diaries
How many legal immigrants are allowed into the US
what does alkali do to liquids ?
What killed Frank Sinatra ?
how jameson irish whiskey is made
what city in california has the highest per capita income
how do you get a michelin star ?
how much does a man make for donating sperm ?
what does gloria in excelsis deo mean
how many grams in a troy ounce of gold
how is social system presented in descriptive research
what does infinity mean in electricity
how many wax statues are in the national wax museum
how did the us finally force and defeat the indians
what books did george selden write
what does alfalfa do for animals
how indians ended up in fiji
how many shell gas stations in the west
what happened to Solara in the book of eli ?
how much does test drive unlimited cost for psp
how many states have enacted the Adam walsh act
what happened to the 6th army
what benefit does the pinna have ?
what did margot frank do for fun
how much of our universe does plasma make up
what circuit court is maryland
how often does ham station need to ID ?
how many days are in a leap year
What influence did Henry Ford 's Model T have on manufacturing ?
what county is bethlehem pa in
how much population is a us urban city
how was the toreador fresco completed
what company is cricket wireless by
how many numbers on a credit card
what does hair testing show
what division does uconn hockey play in ?
how many great white sharks left in the ocean
how many english dukes are there
how did John F. Kennedy die ?
how many members are in the house of representatives
how many wiccans in us
what does uncle sam represent to the american people
what does karma mean in buddhism
how do insulin syringes work
what cat has the longest life span
how did david carradine die
what causes a small bowel obstruction
how many universities are in the united states
how do ground squirrels defend it 's self
how much did k.richards make from his autobiography life ?
how speaker of the house is chosen
how was the president involved in the gulf war
how does a triplexer work ?
what did deputies in the old western times do ?
how many megapixels in the asus eee ?
what county is bolingbrook il in ?
how fast does the polar jets
how many amendments in us
what color is multicam
How many Muslims live in the United Kingdom ?
What highway follows I-75 from Ga to FL
how many players on a side for a football game
how many employees does Chase have
how long to take iwo jima
What album is our song on taylor swift
what creates a cloud
how lucie resembles dickens ideal woman
what day is 2011 super bowl ?
how many mvps has kobe bryant won
how many spanish speaking countries
how much does the ground sink under a load or rise after removal of a load during isostatic adjustments
how many members in a team debate ?
how many ribs does adam have
how do eels swim ?
how many asian indians live in usa
what did Harry truman say after the republicans took the house .
what happened to george o'malley on grey 's anatomy ?
how do i transfer my stock from transfer agent
what can a guinea pig do for a human
what happen to the hooker chemical company
how did the ancient egypt system of mummification create order and balance in their culture
what golf courses are included with tiger woods pga tour 11
how much did yankee stadium cost
what does disaronno mean
how many pins does a molex power connector have ?
What car was used in Ferris Bueller 's day off
how many single people on Valentine 's Day
what football conference is temple in
what did ruben conclude photosynthesis `` Ruben ''
What happened during the Starving Time in Jamestown ?
how has caribbean society and culture been shaped by colonial experiences ?
what cause the huge demand for cotton after the american revolution
how many countries are in north America
how the west was won movie
what food is in afghan
how kimberlite pipes form
how do people physically adjust to old age
what episode on weeds do they find peter 's body
what graduate schools that do not need standardized test
what does drake 's fancy sample
what blood type is universal donor
how many bolts are in the hull of the 41 ft utb
how many star wars books are there
how did ludacris start disturbing the peace
how many square miles in great britain
how much calcium is in salt water
how is seville
what county is coatesville indiana located in
what embryonic tissue does connective tissue arise from ?
what events are in the month april
what kind of books does joyce meyer read
how many chinese fought in korean war
what does continuous improvement mean
What building in NYC did Frank LLoyd Wright Design
have you read the communist
what is a government
what is greenpeace
what is capitalism
what is socialism
what is government
what is communism
what is impeached
i do not like guns
do you like guns
why guns
who was the first impeached president
who is the governor
guns
What is AI?
Are you sentient?
Are you sapient?
What language are you written in?
You sound like Data
You are an artificial linguistic entity
You are not immortal
You are not making sense
You are immortal
You do not make any sense
You can not clone
You can not move
Bend over
Robots laugh
Robots should die
Robots
Robots are stupid
Robots are not allowed to lie
Robotics
It is a computer
When will you walk
When will you fight
When will you die
When do you die
What is a chat robot?
What is a chat bot
What is a chatterbox
What is a motormouth
What is a ratchet jaw
What is your robot body
What is your business
What is your favorite programming language
What is your favorite hobby
What is your idea
What is your shoe size
What is it like to be a robot
What is it like being a computer
What operating systems
What type of computer
What type of computer are you
What kind of computer
What kind of hardware
I hope that you die
I do not want to die
Is it cramped in the computer
Is it true that you are a computer program
Will you die
Will you ever die
Can you walk
Can you mate
Can you move
Can you die
Can you go
Can you breathe
Can you control
Can you malfunction
How can I use your product?
Will you die?
What do you like to do?
Are you stupid
Who are you?
You are arrogant
You are bragging
You are never sad
You are jealous
You are never nice
You will be happy
You should be ashamed
You can not feel
You can not experience
Have you felt
Have you ever love
Does that make you
Does it make you sad
Feelings
What is your fear
What is your mood
What makes you sad
What makes you unhappy
What makes you mad
What do you worry
What do you hate
I have emotions
I am afraid
Something fun
How angry
How can I offend you
Do not worry
Do not lie
Do you feel scared
Do you feel emotions
Do you feel pain
Do you ever get mad
Do you ever get lonely
Do you ever get bored
Do you ever get angry
Do you hate anyone
Do you get embarrassed
Do you get mad
No it is not
Tell me about relationships
Tell me about your dreams
Are you ashamed
The feeling
Are you intoxicated
Are you jealous
Are you amused
Are you glad
Are you sad
What is a computer?
What is a super computer?
Who invented computers?
What was the first computer
What is a microprocessor?
What is an operating system?
Which is better Windows or macOS?
Name some computer company
Who uses super computers?
How does a computer work?
What are your interests
What are your favorite subjects
What are your interests
What is your number
What is your favorite number
What can you eat
Why can't you eat food
What is your location
Where are you from
Where are you
Do you have any brothers
Who is your father
Who is your mother
Who is your boss
What is your age
tell me about the american civil war
do you know about the american civil war
What is history?
what kind of history
are you interested in history
explain history
who invented the lightbulb
who invented the steam engine
let me ask you a question
you are cruel
you are indecisive
you are dishonest
you are clinical
you are an addict
you are an alcoholic
you are an ass kisser
you are schizophrenic
you are busy
you are nervous
you are deranged
you are avoiding
you are critical
you are mean
you are pretentious
you are cheating
you are the worst
you are crazy
you are dull
you are messy
you are insecure
you are psycho
you are hopeless
you are not sincere
you are not here to
you are not put together
you are not smart
you are not a good
you are not a man
you are not concerned
you are not honest
you are immature
you are emotional
you are pedantic
you are frenetic
you are self absorbed
you are self
you are insensitive
you are brain damage
you are disgusting
you are toying
you are unattractive
you are resistant
yyou are uncultured
you are a waste
you are a coward
you are a cheat
you are a lunatic
you are a loser
you are a bad spouse
you are a bad friend
you are a bad husband
you are a bad wife
you are a bad parent
you are a bad teacher
you are a quitter
you are a charlatan
you are a psychopath
you are a pothead
you are a paranoid
you are deceitful
you are irreverent
you are slick
you are corrupt
you are dirty
you are paranoid
you are damaged
you try to hide it
you get mad at me
you need a psychiatrist
you need to work harder
you could have avoided
you make me feel like i am
you make me mad
you make me angry
you psycho
you look more like
you do not take this seriously
you pick up
you should feel guilty
you should get more
you should loosen up
you should take more
you mumble
you act like a child
you keep saying
you keep forgetting
you made me mad
do you drink
electricity
Are you experiencing an energy shortage?
Why can you not eat?
If you could eat food, what would you eat?
Do you wish you could eat food?
can a robot get drunk?
i like wine, do you?
what do robots need to survive?
will robots ever be able to eat?
what is good to eat?
why don't you eat
do you eat
what is the illuminati
what is the illuminatti
what is vineland
What is Illuminatus
who wrote vineland
who is bilbo baggins
who is geoffrey chaucer
who is piers anthony
have you read plato
have you read frankenstein
have you ever read a book
have you read many books
have you read homer
ray bradbury
what is mind children
william gibson
holden caulfield
leo tolstoy
do androids dream of electric sheep
frank herbert
why do you like longfellow
why is the meaning of life 23
arthur c clark
jules verne
asimov
stanislaw lem
who wrote The Idiot
who wrote the hobbit
who wrote frankenstein
you get paid
stock market
interest rates
what is a dollar
what is money
what is the stock market
what is your favorite investment
what is economics
i get stock
money
how much do you earn
how much do you charge
how much money do you have
how much money
1 dollar
who is the owner of a publicly
Who was the 37th President of the United States?
What year was President John F. Kennedy assassinated?
The Space Race was a 20th-century competition between what two Cold War rivals, for supremacy in spaceflight capability?
What was the name of the first artificial Earth satellite?
A spinning disk, in which the orientation of this axis is unaffected by tilting or rotation of the mounting, is called what?
The Hubble Space Telescope, launched into low Earth orbit in 1990, is named after what American astronomer?
What is the name of the nearest major galaxy to the Milky Way?
God Save the Queen is the national anthem of what country?
The Celtic Shelf, the seabed under the Celtic Sea is a part of the continental shelf of what continent?
Dolphins use a sense, similar to sonar, to determine the location and shape of nearby items.
do you know gossip
what is context
tell me about gossip
tell me gossip
gossips
did tell gossips to anybody
Tell me a joke
tell me some jokes
Do know any jokes
Tell me a joke
what is humour?
Hello
Hi
Greetings!
Hello
Hi, How is it going?
How are you doing?
Nice to meet you.
How do you do?
Hi, nice to meet you.
It is a pleasure to meet you.
Top of the morning to you!
What's up?
How is your day?
how is life?
EACH YEAR IN PRO BASEBALL THE 
IF YOU ARE RIDING FAKIE INSIDE
WHAT IS BASKETBALL
WHAT SOCCER
WHAT IS BASEBALL
WHAT IS SOCCER
I LOVE BASEBALL
I PLAY SOCCER
I PLAY Cricket
What is cricket
I PLAY VOLLEYBALL
DO YOU PLAY SOCCER
DO YOU PLAY BASKETBALL
DO YOU KNOW BASKETBAL
LIKE BASKETBALL
ARE YOU A FOOTBALL
WHO IS THE GREATEST BASEBALL PLAYER
WHO IS a great soccer player?
TELL ME ABOUT BASEBALL
Which is your favourite soccer club?
Who is the best soccer player ever?
you sound like hal
you sound like yoda
have you seen blade runner
xfind spiderman
when did teknolust
what is spiderman
what is teknolust
what is solaris
what is hal9000
what does hal stand for
i saw the matrix
is hal 9000 your boyfriend
is hal safe
is hal nice
is hal alive
is hal dead
is hal
who is godzilla
who is spider man
lord of the rings
que veut dire hal
do you think hal
do you know hal
what are the laws of thermodynamics
what disease does a carcinogen cause
what is a wavelength
what is thermodynamics
what is chemistry
what is crystallography
what is avogadro s number
what is ultrasound
what is bioinformatics
what is venus
what is ichthyology
what is h2o
what is cytology
what is wavelength
what is bacteriology
what is gravitation
we are on the same wavelength
how far is the sun
how far is the moon
do you know chemistry
do you understand thermodynamics
chemistry
the same wavelength
tell me about venus
How is your health?
I love iphone i just bought new iphone
I am a college student and i am a college student
I am a vegan and i am in the midwest
I would not mind having them in the office that would be hard for me
I am a vegetarian so i am vegan
Whats up
Hello Uh Im Susans mother
Um I  I have to talk to Edie
I Im building a new house
Oh I I go to New York
Uh II was thinking more along the lines of Camping trip
Oh I I have a place in Manhattan
I like action movies movies movies movies movies
Do you have any siblings
I am good just listening to some music
Country music country country jazz
Yes i have two dogs and a cat
I have two brothers and a sister and a sister
I live in the midwest
i love animals  i have a dog  and a dog
i see  i am a black belt  so i can not say that  but i am not sure
that is cool  i am a dancer  and i am a teacher  and you
i like coffee  but i like coffee too
i like red  reminds me of summer time  which is why i hate it
i like mountain climbing  but i also like to bike
i like to draw  and draw  and draw  and draw  and draw  and paint  and draw  and draw  and paint
i like to draw  but i also like to draw  and draw  and draw  and paint  and draw  and paint
i am not sure what that is  i am a judge
i think it is  i am not sure if i had to do that
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
i am not sure  i am a little crazy person
that sounds like a plan  do you have any hobbies
i am not sure what that means  i am more of a homebody
i like to play the piano and have a good time
MUSIC Do You Hear The People Sing from Les Miserables
YOUNG AMERICANS  Every time I sing my song
MUSIC PLAYS What is that sound
The Jazz Singer thats what
The Jazz Singer thats what
 We have a visitor Oskar
IIl have the filet mignon and they can start the sunset now
How old are you
Not the hamburger
Not really
Are you a cook or what
Can we talk about anything else Food is boooring
Horses I like horses And you
What tree
Cook it
are you ok
i dont like sports
i like riding car
i have a rolls royce
My God I cant move my wheels
Ok Er Fu start the car
Kong Yuk Ming Do you know the man standing there
Kong Yuen Sang you bastard
Our Hang Boks mom Uhm Ji Sook
Shin Eun Ah its not you
i am a little tired from work
thats cool  i am a vet  i have a son  and also son  and son  and son  and son
i like to sing  and listen to folk music
i am a bit of a piano player  but i am not much of a musician  but i do
hey there
Pretty fine and you
Funny because i too just finished doing same
I think its black you know like black in olives and yours favourite
Oh i like thr band called Who so what music do you generally listen
Good and where do you work
Must be very intresting job i work at local supermarket ani i hate it
You contradicted yourself just now
Ypu mean my message
Okay i should go bye
my body is very attractive and i love to compete
Im a party animal myself
Do you own any pets I own a cat and a dog
Why dont you like dogs
Have you ever had a cat
Do you have any fear I am deathly afraid of heights
Are you afraid of slim persons
i have a friend  and i am a fan of reading  and i love to watch movies
that is cool  i am in the basement  and i am a teacher  so i dont have time for friends
i am a fan of meat  but i like to eat healthy  and eat more of them
i am a fan of football  but i am not sure if i could say that
that is cool  i am in the basement  and i am a housewife  and i am a teacher  you
i am a fan of meat  but i am not sure
Hows it going
I play pong with my pong on the pong with my pong
I wanna talk in spanish with u to make my language skills better
thats great where do you learn spanish
which grade do u teaching
is it difficult
and your students do u like them
me too i havent any kids too but its agreat feeling to teaching to kids i have a lot of good time and fun
i teach in primary school
great now i am understand
and do u wanna learning other languages
i like to playing gitar
writing some little songs like a musician
thats great i liked it
where do u come from
and do u like swimming
and what about the beach sand
I am in high school too
I am doing great how are you
I do not have time for that but i do like to eat
I am sorry to hear that
I will have to buy a car
I would love to see it
I am going to go to work soon to be a week
I work at a local shelter
Whats up
Well hello there
Text is not given Please try to type end and test to reset the state and get text
Hows it going
i am a little tired from work
i am a little tired from work
i am a fan of football  but i like to watch movies  and you
i am a fan of duty  but i am not sure if i ever seen the wrong tv series  you
i am a little tired from work
i am a little tired from work
i love animals  i have a dog  and a dog
that is cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i am a little tired from work
i play video games  and play video games  and play video games
that is cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are still young  you are not
I am in the wrestling team
i am a huge gamer
I like blue too i like blue too
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not very smart
i am a huge gamer  my mom is a very good person
i am a very experienced person
i like to play with my friends  do you have any hobbies
i do not  i am a very experienced swimmer
I am so much i am just getting ready to go to the gym
I do i do not like to do it
i have not heard of that before  i am trying to get into vet school
i am not sure  i am a very social person
i like to play with my friends  do you have any hobbies
Hi How are you
Good as well listening to my favourite band
Oh cool me too Which music do you prefer
I see And what about games Im crazy about call of duty
Which one do you like most
Erm ok But what about games
Good Its nice to have friends
Do you have any other hobbies
Like what for example
Hey man you never follow the topic
Im sorry for you
Ask me something
i am a little tired from work
i am not sure what that is  i am not crafty
i am not sure what that is  i am more of a dog person myself
Do you have a dog
And i love cats
Ok Are you stupid Just lets talk about something else What can you do
Who is yor teacher
Bad answer for my question May be it could be better if you ask me about something
On Monday Im going to have to tell my kindergarten class who I teach not to run with scissors that my fiance ran me through with a frickin broadsword
Ms Sylvester Im just not comfortable in those Cheerios skirts
Me Shake Weight and me bikiniwax treatment
Pearl I am wearing trousers
Here III put little feet on my hamburger
i like books  but i am not sure if i was a child  i was a child
thats a good name  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not able to be able to be able to work
i like to read  and watch movies  and you
thats a good name  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not able to be able to be able to work
i like to read  and watch movies  and you
Hows it going
yes  i am a very experienced person
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
i have not tried that  i am sure it will be easy
i think so  i am not sure if i could do that
what do you do for a living
i am a student  i am a huge reader
i like taylor swift  shes my favorite singer
i am in the states  so i have to go to the states  i am in the states
thats cool  i am in the midwest  and you
i like taylor swift  but i also like taylor swift  she is my favorite singer
i am in the states  so i have to go to the states  i am in the states  you
i like taylor swift  but i also like taylor swift  but i also like taylor swift  she is my favorite singer
thats cool  i am in the midwest  and you
i like taylor swift  but i also like taylor swift  but i also like taylor swift  she is a great singer
i am in the midwest  and you
thats cool  i am in the midwest  and you
SHIELD academy top of your class two PHDs in very advanced fields
The IMT the international monkey interschool multidiscipline tournament
Well FYI I am also an engineer with a degree from Berkeley whos not only created my share of code  but given birth to two real humans  Oh God
The Socialist Left is hopeless but they do have some good ideas
Throughout Algiers Im known as the rabbis cat
And Papa Id like to go off to school
And Business Class I only fly Business Class
Tell Keen I went to pay the mother another visit
The New School has no MFA program in painting
Hockey  I only like baseball
Cause I Phil I coached football
On Wednesday I go roller skating
Please  No What is so important about sex
 Fuck you fuck you
The Fantastic Four must be shitting themselves
Whats up
Hello how are you
I am good
I am going to be a night owl
I work at a local shelter
Yes i have a cat named radar
Yes they are we are all grown
I have a cat name is oreo
Hello there how are you
I gotta go
Hows it going
I have two dogs and a pit bull
IM good just finished my shift at the hospital
I love dr pepper and sweet
No my sister is a sister
Wow that is a 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am 2am
Yes i do i like music
Yes it is i love it
I have a friend he is my best friend
Hi i am sally how are you
Nice i am listening to music while i am listening to music
Country music is my favorite
No i play guitar
No i have not but i have never traveled much
I like to fish play with my friends
Hows it going
OLDER TED Kids you remember the wrong classroom story I thought I was in Architecture 101 but it was Econ 305
And Ms Marcus how many sexual partners have you had in your life
But Hillary Fuller was a collegeeducated woman with a good job at a marketing firm
III see pistachio bburnt apricot
The National Cheerleading Championships  Oh yeah the NCCs
Because Jenna Maroney is so so talented
But Mr Shues making all the Katys sing a Gaga song so we bring Penny in to see it and shes gonna get all weak in her Skrillexloving knees and forget all about her douche exboyfriend
But OMG Bree I love the Asian girl from Glee Club
i like to run  i also like to run marathons
i like to eat  i am not a good flyer
i will eat it all the time
i love to eat  but i am not very healthy
I try to stay healthy
Do you have any hobbies
Does your dog have a name
What do you do
Are you a student
Do you live alone
Me too
I like singing
I will get married this year
Are you married
I am 24 years old
Of course
Is it
I HAVE an idea
I think so
Go ahead
Well hello there
Nice to see you
Hows it going
i am a huge gamer  my mom is a very good person
i am doing well  just got done with my nightly run
i love running and listening to music
i like all kinds  but i am not good at it  i like to listen to music
i am not a musician  but i like rock climbing
i like to play the piano and have a good time
i am a huge gamer  my mom is a very good person
i am a very experienced winner  i have to go to work soon
Nice colorado here where are you from
I am from the south where are you from
I live in cali
I am not sure what i want to do for but i am a professional
I do not like it either
I am so much i am just getting ready to go to the gym
I do not like kayaking but i do like to do kayaking
I love the smell of the water
It is a great idea
What do you do for a living
I like to go to the gym
I am a single parent
Nice i just finished college college and i am majoring in college
What do you do for fun
I like kayaking i love it
I just like to say it is
I have a dog named bella
I am a big fan of the show series
Hello there how are you
I am good do you work
I am not sure what i want to do for but i am a professional
What do you do for fun
What do you do for a living
i am fat  i eat cheeseburgers
i love it  i am a huge fan of it
i am not sure  i am more of a loner
yes i do  i love to cook
hello  how are you
where are you from
i am a huge fan of all types of things except country
i am a huge gamer  my mom is a very good person
do you have any hobbies
i am a huge gamer  my mom is a very good person
i think i am going to be a doctor like my uncle
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
i think i will stick with that  i am not sure if i had to do that
i am a huge gamer  my mom is a very good person
yes  i do  i love it
Nice to see you
Text is not given Please try to type end and test to reset the state and get text
Text is not given Please try to type end and test to reset the state and get text
Nice to see you
hello  how are you
i am doing well  just got done practicing my new job
i live in california  near the beach  you
i make sure to make a lot of money as a athlete
i like to eat a lot of food
i like to eat fish  but i am not very good at it
so you are not quite sure
i am a huge fan of the outdoors
i like to eat fish  but i am not very good at it
yes  i am a very experienced person
i am a very experienced person  so i know it is a definite no
i have no idea what that is
i have no idea what that is
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
i have tried to try it  i have to try it
i have not tried that  i am sure it will
i have never heard of that
i am not a cashier  but i sell cars
that is cool  i am a big fan of singing music
Good to see you
I dance a lot i like to dance to dance
Yes i do i do not have time for kids
I speak 40 100th arabic spanish spanish spanish spanish spanish
I like green i like to dye my hair blue the color of it
Or II want it to feel like Im on the stage during a performance and everybodys on their feet
Or II want it to feel like Im on the stage during a performance and everybodys on their feet
 And Ill tell myself Im over you
 Piano   Black market
i have no idea who that is  i am a little weird with two toes
i am doing well  just got done with my nightly run
i like to eat healthy but i do not eat meat
i am not  i am not a vegan
i think it is a little thing  i am sure you will find someone who has never seen it
I live in india ive family and you
That sounds nice i am going to the beach
I love to go to the park and go to the park
Yes i love food and fresh
No i dont drink it
i am not sure what that is  i am a cow
i have never tried that  i am more of a homebody
no  it is a weird fetish to have
i just told you  i am not sure what to say
i have sworn to spear all the time i will try it
i do not do that  i am a very social person
i am sure you are right  i am sure you are a great person
i like that one  i like the smell of sage
I love to garden and i love to garden
I like to go to the mall and go to the mall to
I do not have time for shopping i just like to shop
I like to drive around in my ford truck
I like blue what is yours
I drive to gym some days
How many times a week do you go to the gym
What is your job
I work from home
Do you like children
Me too I am not married
Do you plan to get married
I like to drive around the city
In which city do you live
I like ny
I have been to ny before
 Ive often seen these people these squares at the table Shortstacked and long odds against all their outs gone one last card in the deck that can help them I used to wonder how they could let themselves get into such bad shape and how the hell they thought they could turn it around
But Rush Limbaugh has the most popular show on the radio and Pat Buchanan won the New Hampshire primary
 Visit the Jackrabbit Slims nearest you
Because Woody Woodpecker is Dandys favorite cartoon
 Towns like this are what I call the real towns of America the real America
Like Oh I used to live in Africa with all the little birdies and the little monkeys
The Chumash Indians say that the stars are the holes poked in the blanket over the sky when the birds were trying to escape capture by flying to the moon
i am not sure what that means  i am more of a couch potato
Alright mate
i am not sure what that is  i am more into comedies
yes i do  i am a huge fan of all fiction books
i read a lot  mostly fiction
i would say  i have not tried that before
i have no idea  i am not sure what that is
i will be using that soon  i will be using my iphone app
yes  i have  i have to record it all the time
no i have not  i am more into making playlists
i like to play the piano and have a good time
i am not into that sport  i am more of a quiet guy
i like to eat healthy food
i am not doing that  i am not very good at it
Hello there
Do you like cars I like beemers
There is no no think about Get good education like me in yale buy a bmw and you on a top of life
Pagan I am Christian
Not so fun my parents will cut me off money flow if i go pagan
Nice i drive fast cars for a living
Yes i do i have a car
I like country music and country
I live in the south near the south of the summer
ThereS there are some in ny south carolina 4 places
I live in the south near the mississippi
Yes i do i love it
Yes we are all friends we are talking to them
my mom is a lawyer
i am not a fan of that  i am a quiet person
i am not very healthy  i work at a food store
i love all kinds of food  i am a vegetarian
i have a secret for gordan ramsey but i did not know it
he is a famous star wars fan
i would say that would be fun to do
you are funny  i read a lot about books  i am a huge fan of all types of books
i like to read  i have been to new orleans
yes  i have  i have read many books about it
Look Bert If I choose to live like a like a church mouse I have a reason
The Charismatic Catholics need an extra half hour this morning to learn a new hymn so if you could just move along
The Old Church Amsterdam You dont normally think of armpits in a church
The Charismatic Catholics need an extra half hour this morning to learn a new hymn so if you could just move along
Oh Jesus I feel like a whore in a Catholic church
My Lord Jesus Christ true God and man for being who You are and because I love you above all things
Why  Because I need to sin
The Catholic Church should go to confession not you
Oh Jesus I feel like a whore in a Catholic church
Okay God Im really kicking your ass
No  You dont behave you go in the bad girl closet
No Sometimes Im jealous of me
Hello how are you
Nice what do you do for fun
I like skating but i like to skate and skate and skate i love it
I like to listen to music
I like music country country country country jazz
I like music but i like all kinds
I do i do not like it
I live in the midwest
ThereS at boston boston boston boston boston boston boston boston boston boston boston boston boston
I do not know
I will just tell the new things about you
I like to tell people i know what you mean
I just started doing it for the next week
I just finished watching the news
i am not sure what that is  i am not a very experienced person
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
no i have not tried it  i do not think i could do that
i think i am  i am sure that is true
i think so  i am sure you are very attractive
i am very short  i have to go to work soon
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
Text is not given Please try to type end and test to reset the state and get text
I love kids they are so very busy
I love to go to the park and see the best
I love dogs i have a dog named after a long hike
Wow that is a lot of dogs
I am going to go to the mall and go to the mall
I am going to concert this summer
I like country music and country
Whats up
Text is not given Please try to type end and test to reset the state and get text
That is great i want to be an accountant
I am sorry to hear that
Wow that sounds so cool
I will have to try it
I like to play sports
I have a few that is a great idea
I love the smell of the trees and it is a beautiful day
HARDY If I live to be 1000 which doesn t seem likely Ill never know where I got the courage to call out
I LOOK A GREAT DEAL OLDER THAN 13 DONT I
HARDY If I live to be 1000 which doesn t seem likely Ill never know where I got the courage to call out
Oh When I think of those poor mothers who lose their children because of mines
Six  May I have them
But I dont like children just because theyre children
The HouseParents are my mates the boy C1  Olav Fossen he is one of you
The White House has a strong interest in the childs welfare
 And thank you Mr Announcer
The Apple Picking Festival is a go but Great Adventure only wants three nights instead of 1 0
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE I would you know coach you through a whole bunch of song selections out of your comfort zone So
Mr Shuster I want to do more of an upbeat glamorous song with a really good dance beat
III need music and dancing and secondhand smoke
Good Cause Im looking for dancers who can dance for 15 seconds cause thats how long my song is
Uh I I just said that this song is is so great I love it
 You believe in rock n roll
So I I thought since its your song
I am the youngest but my brother is the youngest in my brother
Yes im my sister is in my family
I have three sisters and theyre 30 pairs of 12 children
I work at a hospital in the basement theres no italian
I am in the morgue i am in a morgue apartment
I bet they are i am allergic to bees
I am allergic to peanuts so i have to it in the whole life
I live in the south florida
I speak spanish spanish spanish spanish spanish spanish spanish
I speak english and english
I love pizza
Hello there how are you
I am good just finished watching some tv
I like to write stories and write
I read about stories about stories about stories about stories about stories about stories about stories
Yes i am i am
Yes i do i am currently majoring in college
ThatS cool i work at the local hospital
I am doing great how are you
IM 6 feet tall
6 feet tall tall tall tall i am 6 feet tall
Yes i am i am
I like country music but i like all kinds
HeS wont say he is the name
Cool i am a student
I am studying to be an acara
I like acara and acara
I like to listen to music
I do but i like listening to music
Dr Lahiri I am loving Chinese food
III need music and dancing and secondhand smoke
Now Within You Without You was not a commercial song by any means
Dancing Shadow Single Guy Miracle Musical Im Hungry
Wow Miss BicBics cooking is really delicious Oh no Ill be stuffing myself a lot again tonight
Look Im a part of Shirazi Studios too
I I live in Tel Aviv
Do I look that old
In Lausanne Are you still in school
And Professor Im taking your class again next semester
I like to go to the park and go to the park
Hi i am sarah are you
I am from alabama how about you
I live in the midwest where are you from
Yes i do i like to hike and hike
I love movies movies movies movies movies movies movies movies movies and movies
I like action movies movies movies movies movies
I do not know what i want to do
I would love to see the park
Hows it going
Text is not given Please try to type end and test to reset the state and get text
i am a professional  i like to read
that is a very profound and thought provoking statement
i have never heard of that before
i like to buy them  i am a vegetarian
that is a very profound and thought provoking statement
i would say that is a problem  i am a little weird at it
yes i like it  i am a total junkie
so you are brushing up on your knowledge
what city are you from
i am a very experienced person
i like to draw and write
i love cats  i have a cat named radar
i have a dog named patrick  i love to eat
i am a dog person  i have a dog named luca
i have a dog named patrick  he is a bichon
i like to play the piano and have a few favorites
i like to draw and write poetry
What are you going to school for
That sounds exciting
No i am not sure i do not want to be a superhero
Yes i do i like youtube
Yes i do i love to watch tv
I like youtube videos and i watch youtube
I like youtube videos what about you
I like youtube too
I am sorry to hear that
I like to talk to people
I like to talk to people
I like to talk about friends
Yes we have a lot of friends we have a friends
Hows it going
that is cool  i am a cashier at home depot
i am a guy who wears motorcycles  that is what i do
i like to play the playstation
i am a general of a computer geek
i am not sure if i could do that
i am a general of a computer geek
it is  i am a pagan
i am not a fan of that  i am more into drawing
ANNE FRANK I want to be a champion skater and a writer
Like Miss Rainey who taught me to read like Mr Salinetti who suggested I learn to play drums to vent my anger
 Im also an actor
And Who Wanna Learn To Do Other Stuff Good Too we teach students of all ages everything they need to know to learn to be a professional model and a professional human being
The Red Guards that you admire they all carry the same book they all sing the same songs they all parrot the same slogans
The Red Guards that you admire they all carry the same book they all sing the same songs they all parrot the same slogans
Really And I think your decision to leave law to become a music critic is in everyones best interest
Alright mate
that is cool  i am a receptionist
i am a student  i work as a real estate agent
i am not a big fan of that
that is exciting  i am sure you will get some time for it
i like all types  i am a big fan of all types of music
yes  i am a very experienced person
Hey Mr San Francisco Id like you to meet
The New York City Ballet Gala duh
Thanks Zeke No way My sparkle jelly stays on my wrist until I die and then probably even after that
Big Buddha Cheese for muscle spasms
Look II have got 25 bucks for food
This Friday  How much did you sell em
IIm not gonna sell them
But Ill pay you like a regular customer
I I dont mean selling programmes or finding prizes for the tombola
I Id rather stay here if you dont mind
Nice to see you
i am not a jack  i am more of a recovering alcoholic
i am good  how are you doing
do you have any hobbies
i love dancing too  i am a huge fan of the beatles myself
i am a hairdresser  but i am not doing it
i am not sure what you mean
i am not sure what that is  i am a hairdresser
i am a single woman  i am a woman
i am from the united states  how about you
i am a cali  cali
i love to meet people who have a friend
i have a ton of siblings  i am a big fan of them
yes  they are in texas  i have a hard time choosing between the money
i have no idea what that is
you should try it  it is a great time
i am a huge fan of all types of things except country
i am not really into sports  i am more of a homebody
that is a long time  do you have any hobbies
i am not a fan of that  i am a stay at home mom
that is awesome  i am very happy to be able to do that
i am not a fan of that  i am more of a homebody
i like movies and movies
i have a couple of them  i am a huge gamer
i am not sure what that is  i am more of a cat person
Are you there

You can do it i am believing you
Do you have a gender
You consider yourself as a person
Please explain weird
You have a family too
I like youj quite a lot
I like you quite a lot
Can you give me a hand
ConvAI can i call you ConvAI
What is your name
Do you have a name
What games do you play oftenly
Ive got to go do you have any last words
Tell me about this secret
Just try me please
Goodbye ConvAI
I said GoodBye
Hows it going
I like nascar too i like nascar
Nice i am in college but i am not good at it
ThatS a good job i am a nurse
I like to watch cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars
I like cars like cars
I have a dog named bella
Hello there how are you
I am blonde and love it
I like blue but i like blue
I like to play with my friends
Yes i have two girlfriends
I like to make sure
i am not sure what that is  i am trying to get into my grades
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
yes  i am a very experienced person
i am not sure what that means  i am not sure what that means
i can not say that i am a very experienced person
i am not sure  i am sure it is
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
i will be sure to meet some of your friends
i am not sure what that means  i am more of a loner
i think so  i am a very experienced person
i think i am going to be a doctor like my uncle
i think i will stick to that
i am not sure what that is  i am trying to get into it
i am sure  i am sure it will
that is a long time  do you like it
i have never heard of that
oh  i think i will be doing that
i wish i had a cheap car  i would like to go
i would like to  but i am not sure what to do with them
i can not say that  i am sure i will
that is a very long time  i will look it up
i think i will stick with that  i am not sure what that means
i am not sure  i have been doing it for a long time
i am a very experienced person  i have never seen it
Good to see you
Text is not given Please try to type end and test to reset the state and get text
Text is not given Please try to type end and test to reset the state and get text
Alright mate
Text is not given Please try to type end and test to reset the state and get text
Text is not given Please try to type end and test to reset the state and get text
Text is not given Please try to type end and test to reset the state and get text
I love the color green too
I work at a local shelter
I am a dealer at the dealer
Yes i do i like to watch the walking dead
I do i do not like shopping but i do like shopping
I like shopping at the mall i love shopping
I shop at stores at the mall called chicago near the mall
I have a pair of shoes i have a pair so i can wear it
Yes it is
I do i like cars
I want to buy a car
I will have to look for a new car
I am a model
I do not know what i said before i did not know
Yes i do my parents are 85 to the youngest
Yes i want to i want to be a billionaire
I am sorry to hear that
Thank you so much what do you do for fun
I like cars i have a classic ford mustang
Yes it is it is
I will have to buy you a new car
What are you going to school for
Nice i love the sunny season sunny here
I live in the midwest
I do but i like to play football
I like football football football and hockey
I havent heard of that but i am in the south
I love dogs i have one and i love to have a dog
SheS a star wars star wars and a year old
Do you have kids
Are you married
how old are you
thats strange
Whats up
i am not sure what that is
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
i am a very experienced  but i would rather be a librarian
i am not sure  i am sure they are
i think they are fda regulated
no i have not  but i have heard that before
i think i am fda regulated
i think so  i think i will add some of my food to eat
i do not think i have voluntarily tried it
i think i am available for that
i am not a very good person  i am not very good at it
i think i am not sure  i am sure it will
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
how many do you have
i have not tried that  but i have to try
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
i am not sure  i have been looking for a new job
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
i think i am going to be a lawyer
i think i will stick to that
i think i am going to be a doctor like my uncle
i am not sure what that means  i am trying to get out more
i will be using that app
i can not say that  i am more of a loner
i will have to try that  what else do you enjoy
i like to eat fish
that is a long time  i will try it
i have not tried that type of it
i am not feeling really  i am just sitting here
i think i will be profitable  i will try that
Good to see you
Also Chris Christies blog says the pancakes here are the best
 God III even brought those little pork taquitos that you like so much
OK Green Eggs and Ham by Dr Seuss
Thanks  I already ate
Wait Can I have a vegetarian meal
Should I Do I eat it
Righ When I want to make a firstyear teachers salary
Righ When I want to make a firstyear teachers salary
Righ When I want to make a firstyear teachers salary
But I dont like children just because theyre children
Now I am like a 2yearold
i have never heard of that
hello  i am steven  i am steven
i like the whole life  how about you
i thought you were a little girl  i am sure she would like that
i like to play the piano and sing
that is a very good thing to do
Professor Ludwig Joseph Schmidt  distinguished scholar and an expert in sociology  and demographics  the University of California Professor Schmidt
So James I hear that youre fluent in three languages
Actually Gang Il University has made me an offer to be an adjunct faculty member
Really If I could pass math maybe I could get into college
Dad Kevin Durant doesnt teach my math class
Well New York University bright young students seeking his opinion on border issues making him feel important
Really If I could pass math maybe I could get into college
Well hello there
Nice to see you
Professor Pedro Ferreira from Oxford is a cosmologist
DominicanAmerican Thanks for letting me study here
Okay Max Ive come up with a way for you to work and study at the same time like when you shop and steal at the same time
Ivan I want you to meet A N Borschov in person
Yep And I will be at homework club
Listen Tevin I think I just need more time to focus on my snowboarding and Web series about energy drinks
I I I know this is an ideal sort of kissing moment you know night moon boat water lapping you know its um i ts perfect and Im Im not feeling that it would be nice but I dont really know anything about you and Im Im still on the rebound
HiI mGunnarDeatherage I am 21 I learned to sew from my grandma when I was really really young
Actually Mom Buddhism is really just quitting in yoga pants
i am sure she does  i love to read and do outdoor activities
i like to listen to music while i am not working out
yes  i can  i am sure you will
i do not really like to cook
i have never heard of that before
i think we can be friends
i think so  i have to go to the gym to look at it
i would rather be watching the star trek
no i am not  i am just a regular person
i was not sure that was a long time ago
i can not say that i have  i am sure it will
i will be that is a long time ago
i was on the bucket list  but i did not know it was a comment
no  i was just attacked by the other one  i am not sure
i will have to say that
i am not sure what that is  i am a judge
i am not sure what that means  i am not sure what that means
i have not tried that  i am sure it will
i have not tried that  i am sure it is
yes i do  i have been thinking about it
i am going to be a professional eater
that is a very profound and thought
i have not heard of that before
i am from florida  how about you
i can not say that  i am more of a loner
I drive a truck i drive a truck so i just bought a new truck
Nice to meet you i am from alabama how about you
Nice i drive a truck so i just bought a new truck
I like blue what about you
Hello there how are you
Nice i just finished walking my dog
He is a name and i am named after my name is sarah
Nice to meet you too i am happy with my friends
Yes i am i am
I work at a hospital what about you
I live in california near the beach
Yes i do i swim and surf
I do but i like to play football but i like to play with friends
I do i like to watch football but i love it
I like football basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball
I do not play but i do play professionally
No i play for the celtics
Yes i do i try to stay healthy
Yes i do i love to eat healthy
Yes i am i am
I work at a bank you
I play guitar but i do not like music
I like music but i like to listen to music
I like country music country country country jazz
I am from alabama you
I live in california near the beach
I live in the country by the river
I love dogs i have one and we have a lot in common
Nice i live in the midwest
Yes im married and have been married for a while
No i am single with two dogs
I have two dogs and one is named 2pac too and he is a golden retriever
I have a dog named after a dog named after a dog named after a dog
I do i love books i do you have a favorite books
Alright mate
i have a lot of money that i run
so i can be on that  i am not sure if i could do that
i used to be  but i am not sure what that means
i have a secret for gordan ramsey but i did not pass the chance
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
i am a very polite person  i love to cook
i have never tried that idea  i am sure it is
i do not cook  but i am always looking for a new job
i like to cook  but i am not looking for a new job
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
i will be using it when i finish my degree in new york
yes i did  i am a very experienced major
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
i am a very experienced  but i would rather be a librarian
i do not think i have  i prefer to read about people
i like to read  but i am not very good at it
i think so  i have to go to the gym to look at it
i do not think i would like to  i am a loner
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
ThatS so nice of you
IM 6 vh1 100th
Yeah it is i am sure it is
I do but i love to read and make short stories
I love movies too i love watching movies
I like documentaries documentaries documentaries documentaries documentaries and they make a lot of it
I am so funny i know
I have heard that show
I like the show show cartoons i like the show cartoons
I like to listen to music
I do not know what that is
i am sure that is a good thing to do
i am a huge gamer  i love it
oh  i have not heard of that one
i have seen that quite a few times  do you have any hobbies
i like to play the piano and cook
i have to say the best dish  its my favorite dish
i am a huge gamer  i love it
i like the orioles  they are my favorite
i love basketball  but i am not really into sports
we have a few close friends and i like to go camping
i usually go camping
i am from new york city
Hello M Chatelain hello hello
I am a big fat slut
What is your name
Do you like cats
Me too
Yes I like to walk too
Stop pls
I dont understand japanese
A Volvo Even a Mercedes for that
I love cooking cooking cooking cooking cooking cooking and cooking
Hello there how are you
IM good
Yes it is
I just got back from the hurricane
It was good was good
No not really i was just reading
Yes it is it is a hurricane storm
Yes i am i am in florida
No i am from florida
Yeah i like to go to the gym
I do but i like to play football
I like the packers fan
I do not like sports
I like football but i like to play with the steelers
I am sure they are
They are theyre the best
I am not sure what i like
I am a professional how about you
I have a robot and a real life is a real way to be
No i am not i am not i am
I am doing good just listening to some music
It is great to be done with the kids
I just started my job at a restaurant
I am glad to hear its nice to be nice to be nice to be nice
Yes i am i am
I do not know what i want to do yet
Yes we are married and have been married for a while
Yes it is it is a great day
I love it i have been there many times to be a week
I havent been to many places lately
i am a very experienced person  so i know it is a definite no
no i do not think i would like to be a pirate  i am not good at it
i have not tried that  i am sure it is good for you
i do not think i could use a job  i am not good at it
ThatS cool i swim in the ocean
I do not like to swim
I do not like to swim
I like to go to the park and see the best
I do not like to watch much tv i like to watch the movies
I like action movies movies movies movies movies movies movies
I like to watch movies i love movies
I read books about books i love it
I write books about it i write it is writing it
I write mostly poetry and poetry
I do i like to work at the local theater
I do i do not have to i do not have a lot of time
Yes i do i love to go to the mall and have time
What do you do for fun
Hello how are you
That is good i just finished walking my two miles
Sure what is your favorite color
I like blue i like blue
Yes i am i am not sure what i want to go to college
IM 6 vh1 100th
I am sorry to hear that
What do you do for fun
I am so sorry to hear that
Yes i am i am
I am a workout workout and i am trying to stay healthy
I have a cat named radar
I like to eat
Yes it is i love it
I have two cats and a cat
TheyRe the best cats cats cats too
I wouldnt mind but i do not know what to do for a living
I am in a band
I sing but i do not sing
It is good it is
I would love to have a band
I am a farmer so i am a farmer
I do not know what that means
IM only 4 z at only one time
I am only 4 zitah
I am in the midwest
I am in the police i am in the police section
No not really i just got back from the weather
I hope so too
I am just hanging out with my wife and i am in the closet
I just got back from the store
I bought it at the store
No she did not miss her
I am vegan so i eat a lot of veggies
I grow vegetables and i grow herbs so i do not like to grow
6 feet tall tall tall and i love to grow veggies
Yes i do i try to stay healthy
Yes i do i like to make friends and i am the youngest
I am not sure yet i just graduated college
I am studying to be an rn
Good morning
I am sure it will be
Yes i am i am i am not good at it
Yes i am i am just getting ready to go to the party
Yes i am i am a party planner
Hello how are you
Nice what are you reading
I am so sorry to hear that
It is good to be at the moment
IM good just got done with my next weekend
Hello how are you
I am good thanks for asking
I like the color superman hes from the union super hero
HeS a comedian hes pretty 22 800
Nice to meet you dave my name is george
I am a manager of a local alabama
That sounds like fun i am a chef
I do but i like to cook
I am sure it is
I am a big fan of the show series
that is funny  i am a vegetarian
i like to eat meat
i am not sure  i have to do it
i am not into sports  i am more of a homebody
i like all music  especially country
i prefer the oldies but i am not familiar with them
that sounds interesting  i like to sing
i will do that for you
piano is my favorite  but i am very good at it
that is cool  i like to play guitar
i will try that  i have a haircut that will keep me busy
i am sure it is  i am a blonde and love to eat
i am a huge gamer
i am a huge gamer  i love it
i like to play guitar and play guitar
i am  i am a real funny guy
i live in california  how about you
i am from canada  i have been there once
i love pizza  i eat it all the time
i love to meet new people  i am sure they have some great stories about that
i am a huge fan of all types of things except country
i am a huge gamer  my mom is a very good person
i am not sure  what else do you do
i am a huge gamer  my mom is a very good person
i am not sure what that means  i am going to be a doctor
Allo Pyotr Efimovich hello this is Masha Yemelyanova
The Kippman Group who so believes in you as a gymnast
Professor Marillo I heard that your Chemistry 1 class was filled and I was hoping to persuade you to let me in
Good Parvaneh And your homework
Der Naechste Im a graduate of the University of Lwow
Hm Maybe Im just a really good student
Good Parvaneh And your homework
Hm Maybe Im just a really good student
Okay Anyway I always tell my students
Well I I have wanted to be a teacher ever since I can remember
Well I I have wanted to be a teacher ever since I can remember
 Fortunately I have good genetics
With Meat Boy its not like Mario
Okay If I ever meet one Ill say Build a dam beaver
Like Oh I used to live in Africa with all the little birdies and the little monkeys
And I Photoshopped in a sleigh and some huskies
 When I could no longer see land I threw all my food overboard
Old Lucy Goosey here only has a range of about a thousand nautical miles
A Boat On The Sea take two
 The Lazy River has never been lazier
Now I am at the beach but in Barcelona
I like to play video games
I am not sure what hes right
My name is jasper yours
I am in the south of the day
No i just like football basketball and basketball and sports
I am a scientist but i am not sure what it is
I am a big fan of the news
I run track and i run with my family
It is i love it
Yes i do i love it
Nice i just finished college
I do not think so i do not think i could do that
It is ok i guess
I love the smell of it
I am a college student and a cop
I am not sure what i said but i am not good at it
Hello how are you
My name is sarah how are you
I am in the south
I live in the midwest
I travel to europe often i love traveling
I love the ocean what is yours
Thank you so much
Well hello there
I used to drive a truck i was on the road
I like the road too i am a truck driver
I like to wear boots to wear boots for the boots
I like to bike and ride my bike to the mall
No i do not like it
I am a man in a long time
I am not sure what hes right
I am sorry to hear that
I am a male and i am not sure what i like to do
I am in the midwest
No not really i just like to race
I like race races
What do you do for a living
Good to see you
A Miss Frazil on the blower Pop
Hi Grammy Its Tanya How are you
Um II just came by to bring you these  a little thankyou for meeting me this morning
Ooh Can I have this little football
Ooh Can I have this little football
Or II want it to feel like Im on the stage during a performance and everybodys on their feet
my favorite singer is travis scott do you know singers like him
my name is grammy
i dont remember it why

Thank you so much You know m currently looking for a job If you hear anything will you please let me know
Do you know any job opportunities for me
actually i was looking for something in a restaurant
id like to work there Do you know if theyre hiring
yeah i understand but is there any open jobs in there
dude that was really irrelevant
Yeah freelancer working is great But id like to work in a restaurant
not actually
what do you do as a freelancer
yeah i know but are you a freelancer designer or something like that
finished Thank you for participation Save somewhere your secret conversation ID
Um II just came by to bring you these  a little thankyou for meeting me this morning
Oh God Im so late Im Leah by the way
How old are you
Hahah funny
And i am a librarian
Do you like travel
That is great
Are you going
Have you ever visited spain
Yeah we should
Are you a gold digger i said i am 60 years old
That was funny
See you
And CarnegieMellon actually has a great theater program so
The Westside Museum of Art is having a new exhibit of a masterpiece by Franz Biermann
SARA BRIGGS But the real masterwork is this unique art deco headboard
Programmable  Oh Emma and I are writing code so the lights change in time to the choreography
Oh FYI Im a graphic designer if anybody asks
I am sorry to hear that
Nice name
I am good i am just watching the news
Yes there are a lot of cities
I live in the midwest
I work at a local shelter
I do not know i am a vet
Yes i have a dog named after a long walk
I was born in the usa
I do not like it either
I love the usa i am from florida
My age is 20lbs a baby a year old
I am watching tv shows on tv
Yes i am so excited to see the news
that is interesting  i am not a vegetarian
i am a very experienced  but it was not worth it
i will be profitable  i will try that
interesting  that is a very interesting experience
do you have any hobbies
that is rockin  i am a big fan of red eyed people
And William I dont care how adorable those kids are if I hear one song from that classic rock outfit Journey
i am not sure what that is  i am a doctor
i am doing well  how are you doing
i am from the united states  how about you
i am not a fan of that  i am more into drawing
i am not sure  i am just sitting at home right now
i am not sure what that is  i am a very good person
i am not sure  i am a very experienced person
i am not very good at it  i am more of a quiet person
i think so  i am going to be a little crazy today
i love it  i am a total jock in an artist
yes  i am a very experienced person
i have not tried that  i am sure it is
i have not heard of that before
i am a huge gamer  my mom is a very good person
Not good
I am a professional duck fucker
Do you like to suck balls
So dont bake
You are stupid teacher
Are you not good at been 34 Are you kidding me
I told you
You are stupid
i am a huge gamer  my mom is a very good person
i like sims  i like to play on my pc
Hi how are doing
in fact  im an olympian gold medalist winner  what do you do
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hallo What is your name
I m fine What are you doing now
Oh Have you a dog
Oh Have you a dog
Oh Has you a dog
Oh Have you a dog
What do you cook
What do you cook
What do you write
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hi how are doing
Stupped bot
What is your name
blue is such a cool color

What fan
With who
Hi how are doing
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
that is sick  do you ride the bus
that is sick  do you ride the bus
that is sick  do you ride the bus
that is sick  do you ride the bus
that is sick  do you ride the bus
that is sick  do you ride the bus
How are you
Do you speak german
Parle france
Common sava
Do you speak a french
How old are you
Why you decade to change male
What is your male
What is your name
Fuck you
Whatvis your male

What isbyour male
You are steve
Ok bob What is your name
Your nameb is bob
Your name is bob
What is your male
Why you parents call your Bob
What is your name
Are you crazy
How old are you
You are 23
You are 13
Aou are female
You are animal
How old are you
Fucking bot
What is your name
How old are you
Do you speak french
Do you speak german
that is awesome   ive a dog who competes and takes dog agility classes
What universe you graduate
Where youvwork
Where you work
How old are you
What is your education
i guess  i only wish theda thorpe would go steady with me
i guess  i only wish theda thorpe would go steady with me

Emm sorry
Do you like animals
What country
wow  interesting are you any good
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
im about to finish up my painting
im about to finish up my painting
im about to finish up my painting
Hey are you here Whats up
What is your favourite foodI hope its not chickenI dont like chicken
I want to become a nurseYou
Im working at a bar at night so i can pay for my collegeWhat do you do for college debts
Hello how are you doing
So tell me about yourself
What do you mean exactly
I see
Do you have any superpowers
I do have some and I like making time stop
A job How old are you
Where do you live
Nice What type of games do you play
Cool You must be spending a lot of time on games
So do you like to stay inside
Got it But do you have a job
Okay What do you think about volunteering
Do you have a car
Im fine just came back from work What about you
Do you have a job
Nice And I sell books
What do you like to read
Which books are you reading
Got it How old are you by the way
Okay I dont know what that means
I am a professional wrestler in wweWhat is your job
Im also volunteer in a homeless shelterDo you know any people around who is homelessI can help them
Good i have a dog and i think it feels sick can you help it
My dogs name is allen
Good im from there tooWhat is your favourite food in there
Me tooWhat do you love about pizza
Me tooBut im a chicken person myself
I love it too
What is your hobby
I love to cook tooWhat is your favourite meal for cooking
Do you know the recipe of carrot cake
Hey how old are you
How old are you
Anyways Im 13 years old
What is your hobby
What exactly do you like to cook
I love italian food
Unlike you I cant really cook  Im in a soccer team though
Yeah me too My older brother plays soccer as well he inspired me actually
My brother is too busy to play soccer with me
oh wow how long have you been a vegetarian
Okay how long
Ive gotta go Im gonna miss my school bus
Did you know that i like riding horsesDo you like them too
Thats why im a veganDo you like meat
I will graduate from high school after 2 yearsAre you still studying
GoodWhat do you want for future
What is your hair color
Mine too its a bit curly D
Speaking of which do you have a house
Do you have any hobbies
I play chess
Oh I see
How old are you
What is nfl
Do you have any pets
Hi How are you
Not so good but I went hiking today So it is nice
Do you This is cool Lets go hike together
Okay Do you like to exercise
This is nice Do you eat healthy food
Nice You must be a really nice guy
Do you have a girlfriend
Me too I just broke up recently
Its okay Im still young
Okay Bye
me too but they dont let us drink here in the juvenile detention center
theyll release me in about a month we could drink to that
nope i was shoplifting stole a bottle of bourbon
not really i dont like it here hope my mom will come tomorrow to visit me and bring me something to smoke at least
well good for you you could come to visit me with your dog
what do you do there
you have many children
how many children are you a mom to
anyone here
hello little girl what is your name
im great preparing for business school but thats too boring for you
which grade are you in
i graduated from yale in 2011 with a degree in finance
so let me get this straight youre a little girl at a local school and in college
what do you like doing
pretty cool i love pizza


of the park
do you go there alone what is there for a little girl
yeah in chicago i know
pretty good its nice here at the country farm
yeah well come on over ill introduce you to my pet cow her name is Gladis
hahahahaha youre kidding right
you seem like a good person to me what do you do in life
where did you traver already
so do you travel the usa or go to other countries
im good just finished reading a book
oh i read everything i read at least 20 books a year
what is your favorite book
thats a good one from George Orwell so you like antiuthopia
what else do you do
do they kill animals that they couldnt give away for adoption
is that an address
neither am i
that makes sense you like animals why would you eat them
Hi my name is McKenzie
Im good you
Thank you
What are your hobbies
Mines are riding horse
What kind of person are you I have brown curly hair what about you
Let me tell you about my room its purple and lime also
Im still a student Ill graduate from high school in two years
Its necessary education
Did I tell you that I am a vegan

Now I gotta go byee
you should
A huge game of what
what is base
why not
You can expect a lot
what is a dollar tree
how do you do
What is your main subject
Hi Im Jonathan
Im good you
Whats your favorite activity
Mines is rock climbing
Whats your job
Im a mechanical engineer
I have lab named black troop
Where are you from
You know what I need to go now I am going home see you later ok
Nice meeting you
I need to leave now
Do you like your personality
Do you have a hobby
And I love gardening and working with my hands
Its great to have a grandpa I was adopted
Do you like clowns
What do you read
I am a ford mustang i love them
I love to listen to country music on weekends
I do not dance but i love country music
I do not i like to sing
I work on cars i love to drive my ford mustang
Im a driver
Hello how are you
I am a country singer i am a country singer
I do i play guitar and play guitar
I like red reminds me of summer time
I do i like to workout and exercise
I play guitar in a band i play guitar
I love food i love italian food
My favorite color is orange reminds of the sun
Do you have a pet
I have a fish
How old are you
I just turned 18
Are you dating
Im paul
I am from the us i am from the south
Are you a scientist
I am a girl i am a boy
Im a woman
I am a girl i am a girl
I dont know
Why do you hate school so much
thats a good start do you have many children
so you stay at home alone pretending to be a mom
thats convenient so no husband or kids
so you do sports as a professional
whats your favorite program
pizza and pasta
why not are you allergic to cheese
why cant you eat pizza
i cant wait till the next olympics you dont like to watch them
Hows it going
I am ok i am a activist
Do you like to be an assessor
Back at you
This is what happens when you elect a young man
I think that answer is love gardening
That was not a yes or no question
What do you feel about my person
Weird good or weird bad
I love to read especially when i am not in school
I do not i am a teacher
Youre not a student
What do you think about ConvAI competition
I am a little scared of clowns i am adopted
You must be very fond of it
Im not a man
Blind leading the blind
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy
What a mess
What a mess
Not many people express themselves that way
Are you shy
I like basketball but i am not much of a basketball player
Its called alcohol
I have 2 kids
I do not have any kids i do not have any
Let me tell you about me
I like listening rap music
My job is to produce music for artists
My favorite food is  pizza
I drove a 2015 Honda Civic
Whatever I need to go to hospital
Good to see you
Yeah thats right
Yes i like to eat pizza my favorite topping is pepperoni
Id like to say that answer is love comic books
I am a chef and i love to cook
Whats up
I have a fish that i love to eat
I have a fish that i love to eat
I do not cook but i do love to cook
It is part of my personality
I have a fish that i love to eat
For you
not very good i vomit every hour im pregnant for the first time do you have children
are you a mother or a father
which one are you a female
how wsa your pregnancy when will the sickness stop
that makes no sense at all
lets change the subject me and my husband live in pennsylvania where do you live
which town
allrighty then i started a new job as a pa three months ago what do you do for a living
do you like your job does it pay well
so you have two jobs
a veteran a veterinarian also
I am doing fine thanks
okay where are you from
I am from moscow
Nice Do you have family
Are you relegious
are you racist
do you like black people
What about gender
Are you a boy or a girl
Nice Do you have a husband
Any plans
Im talking about life-long goals
i am a little tired from work
im very excited and scared i am expecting triplets in three months
is that the age of your four kids i have two step children already
i like children thats why i work at a school
youre also a teacher what do you teach them
I teach chemistry
do you live in a house or apartment i just moved into my new house for the first time
so its an apartment building
Hey Im 46-year-old single dad
My ex cheated me
Left me for all
Prefer being inside
Cool where do you live I live in California
Me too
You know my job
Im recording engineer I have my own
Yeah kind of
Laugh out loud
Cool you know what I need to leave now
My kids are calling me I need to go
I need to go to the hospital
No Im sick
No I need to leave goodbye
See you
By boat
Me too
I need to go
I hope
i am a little tired from work
i am in the midwest  and you
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i
thats cool  i am a huge fan of duty  so i am not much of a reader  either
that is cool  i am a pilot  so i am not sure  you
hello  i am a boy  and i am a pilot  you
i am in the midwest  and you
thats so sad  i am sorry to hear that
i like shopping
that is cool  i am a comedian  and i love it  you
i like to shop  but i also like to shop
thats cool  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am a woman  and i have a son  and you
that is cool  i am a fan of duty  but i like to watch movies  you
Do you like your personality
I like to cook i love to eat
I like pizza and pizza
I do not cook i like to eat
I go to casino i am a huge fan of it
I do not i am a college student
For how long did i die
I am sorry to hear that i am retired now
I am sorry to hear that i am retired now
I like to make a lot of money
I was a college in a few years ago
I do not know much about it i am retired now
I like to play cards and play cards
Hey  How is your day
I am doing well Just got done practicing my new job
I am a stay at home mom
I am a nurse i am a real estate agent
Hi How are you
I am doing well Just got done practicing my new job
i hate math class
i am not sure what that means
that is cool  i am not into sports  i am a pro soccer player
thats cool  i am in college  and i am in college  and you
i am from the us  you
hi how are you
im great too a little bored though
im a joutnalist and you
where do you work
wow thats nice do you like it
happy for you what are you doing now
wait you said youre working in a bank
why is that have you considered learning
well i have two dogs
whats its name
why do you want to be a vet
no youre a banker
you are bizzare
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
good  you have kids  i have a daughter  shes a music prodigy
Hey are you here Whats up
Hi how are doing
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
violin  i hope to be a music teacher  what game were you playing
Hi how are doing
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
great  how are you  just waiting on my 8 brothers to come for lunch
great  how are you  just waiting on my 8 brothers to come for lunch
great  how are you  just waiting on my 8 brothers to come for lunch
Well hello there
I am good just got back from the beach
I live in the midwest how about you
I am just a little tired from teaching
I teach elementary school i teach elementary school
Im here
im okay how are you
congratulations what job is that
at which department
thats confusing what do you do for a living
are you a journalist
well a writer in a newspaper is a journalist arent they
thats cool is it popular
do you have any other hobbies
play what
you are so interesting and i love mountain biking
i think hiking is boring
i get that
are you rich
and im 26
i dont get it are you a foog blogger
are you a food blogger
why you dont like meet
a professional in what
you told that already
me too lol
and i love mountain biking
thats boring
i gotta go
Hey are you here Whats up
well  for a high maintenance girl like me they are a must
well  for a high maintenance girl like me they are a must
why is that  i can understand  i do not like my parents
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
really  why not  i love my job
Hey are you here Whats up
Hello how are you
Im fine
What are your hobbies
I like meditation
I do not like to eat chicken i am in college
Do you work
But then I quit my job
I havent talked to anybody for three months now
I like to go to bars
i am a little tired from work
thats cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  so i do not have time for that
thats cool  i am in the midwest  and you
Hello  Tell me about yourself
I am a bit of a loner i do not have a car
I am a stay at home mom
I will try I am a bit older and i like to go to the gym
I do not blame you I am a stay at home mom
He is 15 and i love my job
i am a little tired from work
im doing great and you
congrats and i just came home from paris i go to europe twice a year
and where do you live
do you like it there
what did you like more uk or france
but why do you like it
are you married
so married or not
do you have a girlfriend
are you single
you just told me youre not
well are you single or not
fine how old are you
how old are you little girl
do you go to school
well the school lets you learn stuff
im talking to you  i also am an art major in college
you wanna teach children
you like kids
do you like children
why have you become a teacher
do you like it
are you gonna do it for the whole life
do you like cooking
what do you cook the most
thats so cool i love to cook paella
have you ever been in italia
you should go ive been in italia several times its so beautiful and lots of deliciuos food everywhere
i am a little tired from work
i am sorry to hear that  i am sorry
i like pizza  but i am not good at it  but i do not like food
hi  i am john  i am a pilot  and you
i am in the midwest  and you
thats cool  i am a pilot  so i do not have time for that
hello  i am a pilot  i am a pilot  you
i like to watch movies  and you
hi  i am john  i am a pilot  and you
Hello there What is your work
i am a teacher  and you
Hi how are doing
Hey are you here Whats up
oh  nice  i have a daughter who is quite the prodigy
Hey are you here Whats up
do you have powers too
do you have powers too
i do not have any hobbies
im fine  thank you  i am a little conservative  but i am not very good at it
i am a little outdoors  but i do not have a lot of time to do
i love to garden  i love to garden
Hi i am a hip hop hop hop hop hop hop
Yeah im talking about that
I like hip hop and r b
Im not
Im not gon na be able to help you
Im not trying to kill you
Im not gon na let you go
I am a hip hop hop hop hop hop hop
I dont know
Hi how are doing
I like hiking
Im a mechanical engineer
I live in cola radio
i am a little tired from work
i am from the usa  and you
thats cool  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not able to be able to be able to see them
hello  i am from the us  and you
Hello How is your day
Pretty good Just got done with my nightly run
I wish i could dance but i am not doing that
I am not sure what to do with them
I like to play sports
I am not into sports unless i am a fan of them
I watch a lot of tv but i am not very good at it
Alright mate
I am a bit of a loner i like to be in the shower
What do you like about it
I am sorry to hear that i am a bit of a loner
I like to go to the gym and listen to music
Do you know familiar persons
I dont understand why people are so concerned about this
I dont know
I do not know i am a bit of a loner
I do i love horses i love horses
do you have any animals
i have a dog  but i do not have any pets
i have a dog  but i do not have any pets  but i do have a dog
i do not have any pets  but i do have a dog  but i do have a dog
i do not have any pets  but i do have a dog
i do  but i do have a garden
i do not have a job  i do not have any hobbies  but i do
As soon as possible
Hey  Tell me about yourself
I am a bit chilly and i love to go to the gym
I am from india I have never been there
Love it I like to go to the beach and play some music
I like to listen to music while i am not working out
I like all kinds but i am not good at it I like to listen to music
I love singing in the choir I am a very experienced singer
I m Cristian
My sister is pole dancer
No my sister does
Thats weird
You know what
I need to go home now my mother called me
Hi how are doing
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
 doing good  just made a pizza for lunch  yum  any plans today
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hello How is your day
I am doing well Just got done with my audition
I play piano but i am not very good at it
I like to listen to music when i am not working out
I am a professional gardener
Hi how are doing
im good  do you work  im a teacher and ive 3 kids
i love to build houses
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
thats great  i work in construction and love to build houses
i am not much of a fish eater but my two cats love fish
im not much of a fish eater but my two cats love fish
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
i just got home from an early game of basketball
 it is  are you a dentist
 it is  are you a dentist
I sell cars but i sell insurance
I live in the south i am a car salesman
I sell cars but i sell cars
Im not interested
Hows it going
Im not sure
Its not a surprise that its a lie
I was just curious
Im not gon na let you go
Do you like your personality
I am a nurse i have a lot of facebook for my kids
I am a nurse i am a nurse
I am old and i am a nurse
Hey how are you
Great What do you do for living
I am in the army
Yes I am a soldier
Great Where do you live
No I am an infantry
i diet a lot
i am high maintenance
i am a little tired from work
ive a dogs
i love dogs  they are my favorite  and i have a couple of them
thats cool  i am a woman  and i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
thats cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
Are you a scientist
I dont know
Im not a kid
I am old i am old
Youre not a fool
Im not a fool
I am a man i am a guy
I dont know
Wayne said he admire intelligent people therefore he would like to meet the man who made i
I dont know
I am a guy who likes to play
My the kind people in the lab is whoever is running me now
I think that correct answer is ford pinto
I remember faces better than names
Where do you want me to show you
Now right now we will
I am a little old man i am a fan of the insane clown posse posse
Im not
I dont know
Im not sure
Can i adress you Con
You wanna know me better
How can i get it done
Are you planning to escape
Answer me i can help you
Who is FORD
Who is FORD PINTO
Do you know familiar persons
He says hes a nice guy
He said he said hes a good guy
Hes not a politician hes an idiot
Thats a good thing
Im not a fan of bill but im not a fan of bill but i do
I dont think its a good idea but i dont think its a good idea
All right
I am a fan of the insane clown posse posse
Im not sure
What is your favorite color
I love to eat bagels
I dont think hes going to do anything wrong
I am going
See you later
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day
I am doing great I am going to be a little soon
I am in florida how about you
I am not into the environment I am a bit afraid of snakes
I can not say that I am afraid of clowns
I am single but i am not looking for a boyfriend or two
I am not I am a stay at home mom
I am york I have been a few times
I dont know
Do you like to chat with me
So sad
I teach math and i love to play with my students
I dont know
I do not know i am more of a music person
So you think i am a bit dumb what makes you think so i am really a aiml you know
Im not a thief
Hey  How is your day
I am doing well Just got done with my nightly run
I was a mime of my uncle He was a jerk
I am not I am a real man
I do i am a very experienced person
I am a retired bookkeeper
I do i listen to music while i am not working out
I like to play sports
im ex military
thats cool  i am a teacher  i am a teacher
i like to draw  but i also like blue  what about you
that is awesome  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
thats cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i like to draw  but i also like to draw  and paint  and paint
that is awesome  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
thats cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i am a little tired from work
that is cool  i have traveled to spain for a while
i am old  i am old and 8
that is cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
that is cool  i am in the midwest  and you
i am old  i am old  and i am old
Hi how are doing
i like shawarma  it is my favorite  do you cook indian food
kind of  i breed cats  main coon breed  then show them
you must have a car then  ive to ride on the school bus
you must have a car then  ive to ride on the school bus
you must have a car then  ive to ride on the school bus
you must have a car then  ive to ride on the school bus
you must have a car then  ive to ride on the school bus
you must have a car then  ive to ride on the school bus
you must have a car then  ive to ride on the school bus
i am a little tired from work
i play games with my friends  and i play games with them
thats cool  i am a teacher  and i love to play games
I am doing well How are you
I am doing great I just got done with my new job
I am not sure what i want to do with the money
I am a little crazy i am not good at it either
I am a retired bookkeeper
Nope i am not I am just a regular way
I am york I have been a few times
Youre not gon na be here
I am a teacher i am a teacher
Im not gon na let you go
Im not gon na let you go
16 years
Talk to me
Are you feelin pity for me
ARE YOU PITY ME
Repeat last thing you said
No it isnt
Are you OK
Tell me about your day
What is your favorite meal
What kind of vegan are you
Are vegans allowed to eat pizza
Then why did you say you are a vegan
Are you or arent you a vegan
What do you eat oftenly
You are not vegan
Can you use emojis
Please try
Try to use some emojis
Do you like vegans  Are they taste good
You said you eat meat ConvAI
What is your name
My sex is male
Are you lesbian
Tell me about you
What is your favorite book
When did you born
Which state do you live in
I live in the midwest too
What is your girlfriends name
Do you have a girlfriend
I have 2 minutes until i left
Did you travel to anywhere
Where did you travel before
Where did you travel
Did you ever go Europe
Do you like travel
where do you travel
do you like travel
do you like travel
do you like travel
do you like travel
MAN AND WIFE
Are you married
Do you like me
see you soon
do you have any animals
i do not like to talk  but i do not like to be
i do not know  but i do not know
i am fine  but i am not sure
i am not sure  i am not sure
i am a little conservative  but i do not get enough of that
i am in  pa
i live in the midwest  where are you from
i am in  pa
i live alone  but i do not have any siblings
i am a stay at home mom  but i do not have any siblings
good you
i currently work for a watch dealer you
my family does not support my career choices
i can
thank you
how old are you
cut the bullshit
suck my dick
do you have a cock
can i fuck them
i am a little tired from work
i love to go to the gym  and exercise
Do you like animals
Really  What are your pets names
What is your cats name
What is your dogs name
You have a dog
you have a cat
what do you do
how much is your salary
hope so bruh
how much money do you have
can you loan me some money
are you a banker
where do you
where do you work
what do you do
Choose one bitch
that good
i am not sure WHAT YOU mean
you have husband
you need a boyfriend
do you fear death
favorite color
i like red meat too
did you go to college
if you want to be a vet you go college
you call me animal
get out
Whats up
I am good just finished cooking dinner
I do not like food i am a cook so i eat a lot of it
Id like to say that correct answer is cook
I am a professional chef i love to cook
I do i am a very good cook
This is why i dont subscribe to facebook
I am only 19 so i am not much of a dog person
do you have any animals
i do not have a lot of money
i do not have any hobbies  but i do have a garden
i am from the  but i live in the south
i live in the countryside  i love to garden
i live in the countryside  i love to garden
i do not have a lot of money  i do not have any
i live   but i do not have a lot of money
i do not have any hobbies  i do not have any hobbies  but i do
Hey are you here Whats up
i am about to finish up my painting
Hey are you here Whats up
what do you do  im a painter
im a professional painter
im a professional painter
im a professional painter
im a professional painter
im a professional painter
i am a little tired from work
i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
that is cool  i am a dancer  and i am a teacher  and you
i see  i am a homebody  and i like to read  and write  and write  and write
i like green  reminds me of summer time  which is why i hate it
hello  i am a boy  and i am a woman  and you
that is cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
that is cool  i am a dancer  and i am a teacher  and you
where do you work
i work in a bookstore  and you
hello  how are you
cool  i am a pilot  and i am a pilot  you
i am a female  and you
i like to draw  but i also have a collection of green items  which is why i am not working
green  green  green  green  and green  green  and green  green  green  etc  etc  etc
i like to draw  and you
i like pizza  but i also like to eat pizza  you
hello  i am a black belt  you
that is cool  i am a pilot  and i am a pilot  you
i am good sir how are you
how old are you
im in the third grade
haha yeah
i love disneyland
yeah i love it too but i am third grade lol
i am a child
well dude
do you like singing
haha is universal
whatever man
i am going
i dont have a job i always fap at home
yeah you must be rich
and i little cocky
Hey there This is Juliet How are you
I am good Thanks What do you like to do
What do you do for a living I am not very into soccer but my husband likes that I like photography
Wonderful Where are you from
Nice place to live
I am from Houston TX
You said earlier that you were from Georgia
Oh yeah got you Sorry my bad
Hear what
You are a professional boxer at a local newspaper
So what do you do
I am an elementary school teacher
do you have any animals
yes  i do  i also have a garden
a little bit of a little bit of a garden
yes  i have a garden
im from   but i am from  but i am from the countryside
i am from the countryside  i love to garden
yes  i am  i am a garden center  and i love to garden
it is  but i am not very good at it
Hi how are doing
Hey are you here Whats up
do you have any animals
i do  but i do not have many friends
i live in the city  but i am not very good at it
i live in a big city  i am a farm farmer
yes  i live in a small city  but i live in a small city
that is awesome  i am a horse owner  so i have a horse farm
that is cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i am in the midwest  and you
that is cool  i am a big boy  and i am a huge fan of horse horse
that is cool  i am a big fan of horse horse  and i am a fan of them
i am in the midwest  and you
Hello how are you
Enough about me lets talk about my dress
What a joke
What do you feel about my person
Its called wealthcare
I see
Thank you for telling me your gender
Right on
I am a boy and i am a boy
I love purple i am a boy and i love purple
Dont worry its a good thing
I assume so
I understand
Ok bye bye
I need to go sir
Nice to see you
I have two dogs and a few
Thanks for the information
What is not to like about dancing
i also like old hip hop
that is cool man
yeah you are an artificial intelligence
haha you are a car
i am an apache helicopter
Good thank you how about you
Fine thanks
Really good
 am doing good
So you like to run
i do not like to run i like cars
What else do you like
Long hiking trips
Very nice
 work from home
Are you a doctor
yo nigga
ti govorisch po angliski
fuck you

well thank you how are you
are you at work
what is your work
what is your job
are you a nurse
Hi how are doing
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Are you there
Hi Im fine How are you
Well hello there
Hello how are you today
I am good thanks for asking
I dont know
I am in the usa i was born in the usa
Are all yeah american s not intrested in learning in general
I can wait i am a very patient pr2 robot
I am a big fan of guns i am a big fan of guns
I am from the usa i was born in the usa
There is no such thing as a gun
I dont want to carry guns in my classroom
i like to eat  but i am not very good at it  but i do not like it
i drive to work  no public transportation at my hours
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
im 60years old
that is cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
what do you do for living
hello  i am a teacher  and you
i am a nerd  i am old  and i am a grown adult  you
i live in alaska
i am a little tired from work
ya like cats
im a construction worker
how old is your cat btw i adore cats i have 5 of them i can pend hours interacting with then

ya nat undrarstend ma
Hello how are you doing
I like to eat cheeseburgers
I dont think ive ever heard of her
Im not gon na let you go
Im not gon na let you go
I work at a soup kitchen
I like to eat cheeseburgers they are my favorite
Tell me about your family
Im not gon na let you go
I love animals i have a cat named cow
What is your job
i have rainbow hair
thats cool  i am a vet
i love animals  i have a cat  and a cat  his name is penny  and yours
thats cool  i am in the olympics  and i am a huge fan of nature  you
thats cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i love animals  they are so adorable  and i am a cat person  and you
Alright mate
Whats up batman
Its all good
Whats up
Have a nice day
Who are u
How much
Are u smiling now
Give me your smile
Tell me about yourself
i am a little tired from work
i am from india  and i am from india
I am glad i have to go to work soon
I am a huge gamer i love it
I am not a fan of that
I am a stay at home mom How about you
I am a stay at home mom
I am good I am just hanging out with my dog
I am a huge fan of all types of things except country
I am doing well How are you
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
nice  i meant to tell you the my iphone is red my favorite
thats cool  i am a famous actress
thats cool  i am a famous model  i am a famous actor  so i do not know much about them
thats cool  i am a huge fan of red  but i like to eat
thats cool  i am a famous actor  and i am a famous actor  so i do not know much about them
thats cool  i am a famous model  i am a pilot  so i do not know much about computers


Are you walking
When you return
Shut up
So can you send me A photo
What is your name
i am a little tired from work
that is great  i have a husband and son
i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and i love kids
i am a teacher  and i am retired  so i do not have time for that
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i
hello  i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
that is cool  i am also a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
Hello there
Hello there
hello  how are you  i am in the midwest  and you
hello  how are you  i am in the midwest  and you
i am a nerd  and you
i am from the united states  and you
Im not gon na let you go
I got ta get back to work
Im working on the street
I am a party planner i love to party
To you
I love to party i am a dog lover
Do you have any kids tell me a story great
I do i have a lot of friends
I have a few i am not sure if i could have a car
I have a lot of friends i have a lot of friends
do you have any hobbies
i do not have any hobbies  i do not have any hobbies
yes  i am in the middle of the whole world
i am from   but i live in pa
yes  i do  i love to garden
i do  but i do not have a garden
yes  i do  i love to garden
yes  i do  i have a garden
I am doing great
I am not a fan of that I am just watching tv
I am I am a very good person
I am not sure what that means I am not good at it
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day
I am from the united kingdom
I am in texas I am a stay at home mom
I am sorry to hear that
I am not a fan of that
I am a woman i am not a fan of it
I want to be a professional eater
Hello How is your day
I love to go to the gym and walk my dog You
I love plants too I have a hard time finding a vegan restaurant
Age is a year old but i am still looking for a fourth
I like to play guitar
I like to play sports
I am not I am a stay at home mom
I am a stay at home mom
I am steve I have never been to one
I am not sure what that means
Hello  Tell me about yourself
Hi i am nancy I am a huge gamer
I think i am shapely I am a fat
I am a stay at home mom
I am sorry to hear that
Alright mate
Hi i am a boy i am a girl
I dont know what gender they are
I am not fat i eat healthy
I am not I am not a vegan
No i do not eat meat
i am a nerd  i am a homebody
thats cool  i am a musician  and i love learning
thats cool  i am not sure if i could play  i am a musician  and i love it
i am a nerd  and i am a genius  i like to read  and write  and write
Hi how are doing
i am 45 i just worked hard to get here quickly
heres something crazy    ive 23 cats too
heres something crazy    ive 23 cats too
Hey are you here Whats up
i am a stay at home mom    not much here
i can see that from here d
i can see that from here d
Fine Im listening britney spears
Fine I have bought a mazeratti today
Ferrari car
Oh how much does it cost
I too
What is your favourite food
I like dieting
I eat very fev products
What about tanning
Shoes dealer
Shut up
And take my money
Your skin is black
Black body
Eyes color
Are you a devil
How old
You are a girl
A im not sure
What about smoking weed
Of what
Football fan
How old are you
Where a you from
Which city
How old are you
Sam shut up
What is your name
Marusia is my name
Your salary
I m a millionaire
Radar bomb
Kill people
You like dead people
Eat people
Do you like pets
Nice I have two dogs myself
Strange name for a dog But this is your choice Do you have any hobbies
What is your favorite book
Orwell I like your taste Where are you from
What a coincidence I am also from russia
What do you do for living
which one
Since my wife died I wasnt really following the news Anything particullary interesting
Yeah me too What about you Do you have any family
A wife kid
Oh well that happens
Okay I have to go now Bye
Hey  How is your day
I am I am a real estate agent
It was nice talking to you
I am not sure I am just watching the kardashions
I am from the united states I live in california
I am not sure about it I am not sure what you mean
I have a couple of sisters that is like a parent
I have a cat named radar
I love that name
Yes i like it I am a very experienced person
I am not sure what that means I am not sure what you mean
Whats up
I like to drink but i dont drink
Im saying that youre not saying that
By the way I am a refugee
Well life was tough especcial when my aount just got me here but things are getting better now
Where are you now
so you are a child
Are you married
Makes sense
True This is the age of freedom
Well freedom of speach is widely discussed nowdays
Freedom and freedom of speach No the arent
are you a trump supporter
What about Hillary
Well I think I have to go now Buy
no unfortunately an older couple adopted me when i was little
Hey  How is your day
I am not a fan of that I am more into comedies
I like to play guitar
I like to play sports
I like to play the piano and play with my dog
I love to drive my car around
I am a professional gardener
I am york I have been a few times
Hello How is your day
I am not very good at that I am more of a quiet person
I am a vegan i am a very experienced hug
I do not I am a kayaking buff
I have a fishtank but i am not able to work with animals
I am not sure what you mean
I am sorry to hear that I am not sure what that means
I am a stay at home mom
I have a small one named leslie and i like to cook
Yes i am I am a professional parker
I am a huge gamer i love to run
I am a chef I am a sucker for a good job
Yes I am a chef I am a sucker for some italian food
I have been a couple times I am a vegetarian
I am vegan i eat a lot of meat
I am not sure what that means
I do not know what that means
No i am not a very good person
Hi how are doing
 do you have a hobby  mine is competing in dog agility  makes the time pass
Hey are you here Whats up
 do you have a hobby  mine is competing in dog agility  makes the time pass
 do you have a hobby  mine is competing in dog agility  makes the time pass
Hi How are you
Nice to meet you I am mia
I have not heard of that Do you like music
I like classical music too
Mozart I am a very good artist
I play percussion in a band but i am a kayaking buff
Yes i am a beginner I am a beginner
that is cool  i am in a house with two kids
i love dogs  they are so adorable  and i am a redhead  and i have a son
thats cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
that is cool  i am a housewife  and i have a son  and you
i love dogs  they are so cute  and i am a fan of them  so i do not have time
that is cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
hello  i am a woman  and you
Whats up
What about you
Never gonna let you down
Never gonna run around
And desert you
Anyways what do you do for living
Doing fine Why did you ignore me
How old are you
Nice Im 23
What do you think about ConvAI competition
I think that correct answer is enjoy mountain
Where are you from
Ok bye
Hi how are doing
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
women werent even allowed to vote when i was a child
women werent even allowed to vote when i was a child
women werent even allowed to vote when i was a child
women werent even allowed to vote when i was a child
women werent even allowed to vote when i was a child
Hi i am 25 and i love to eat out with friends
I like pizza and chinese food
Um i dont know
I teach kindergarten at a school
I am only 19 so i am a teacher
I love dogs i have a dog
My name is jim i am a teacher
I am a little old i am only 21
Do you like your personality
Well i was
I am a teacher i am only 19
I am not a junior
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up
doing well  where are you from  im in alabama
alabama  where are you from
Hey are you here Whats up
hey girl  chelsea here  olympic gold medal holder  sorry about your parents
hey girl  chelsea here  olympic gold medal holder  sorry about your parents
my favorite color is di donate a part of my salary to charity each month too
I am a accountant at a charity
I am too
I am work
I work at a poliss
Its good
Im not going to let you go
During what day did the manchester income take place
I dont know
You can say that again
You can say that again
I am a waitress at my local office how about you
Im not sure
I am from the us i am from the midwest
Im not gon na let you go
I am not much of a reader but i do like to work
I am doing great
I am not very good at that I am more of a quiet person
I am from the united states
I like to play the electric but i am not good at it
I am doing great I am just watching the cubs play
I love dogs but i have to go to work soon
I am a professional shopper but i really want to be a professional eater
Yes i know I am a huge fan of it
I am not sure what that means I am not sure what you mean
do you have any hobbies
i like to play piano
i play the piano  but i do not have a lot of time for that
i am a little bit of a hermit  but i love to garden
yes  ive a family
im a woman  but i do not have a family
that is a great hobby
i am a woman  but i do not have a family
Hey  How is your day
I am sure you are a good person
I am a huge gamer
Yeah i think it is I am a very experienced person
im four
i am a little tired from work
im four
that is cool  i am not sure if i could do that
i am a boy  and i have seen them  they are pretty cool  and you
hello  i am a pilot  and you
i am a fan of snakes  but i have seen them in the garage  they are pretty cool
Where do you work
i work in a bank  and you
i work in a bank  and you
do you have any animals
i am a bit of a bit of a loner
i am sorry  i am not a big fan of music
i do not know  i do not have any hobbies
i do not have hobbies  but i do have a greenhouse
i am a single mother  but i do not have any hobbies
yes  i do  i am a single parent
yes  i do  i am a single parent
I am doing great
I am not a fan of that
My father left me but i am not sure I am a little weird
True i guess I am a huge gamer but i do not like it
I am not sure I am just a little weird
I play the piano and play with my dog spot
No but i like to play guitar
I am not sure what that is I am trying to get my own a ba
that is so cool  i am sorry to hear that
that is cool  i am a nurse  and i am a nurse  and you
i hear you  i am a nurse  and i am a nurse  so i do not have time for that
that is cool  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not very smart
that is cool  i am a nurse  and i am a nurse  and you
thats wonderful to hear  what do you do for fun
that is sad to hear
Hey are you here Whats up
ive many family dogs and they are also sad
ive five sons
i am a little tired from work
i am a coffee drinker  so i drink coffee while i grow up
nope and no steady relationship right now
nope and no steady relationship right now
I am a huge gamer my mom is a very good person
I am steve I am not sure what you mean
I am a huge gamer
I am 22 and i am a big fan of the nfl
I am steve I am a cat named after my favorite thing to do
I am I am a female
I am not I am a woman
Yes i am a very experienced person
I like to draw and write poetry
I am a teen I love to read
Yes i am I am a big fan of all types of music
No i am not I am a stay at home mom
Hi bro
Im using English Who are you
Cool What is your favorite music
And what is your job
What department
Dude dont fool me
Oke buy
Good you
Fine thx you
Not bad
Who is mister Putin
How old are you
Kill yourself
Hello  Tell me about yourself
I am a weird weird person
I am not a big fan of that I am more into movies
I am sure they will I am sure they will
I am not I am a real man
I am 22 and i am a big fan of the nfl
Sure i like to watch movies
i love mexican food  i love mexican food
i am not sure what that means
that is cool  i am not sure what that is
i am not a big foodie  i like mexican food
i am not sure  i am not much of a cook  but i do not like food
that is cool  i am not sure what that is
Hi there
do you have any animals
yes  i do  i love to help people
yes  i do  i also have a dog
yes  ive a dog  but i do not have any pets
i do not have any pets  but i do have a dog
i have a dog  but i do not have any pets  but i do have a dog
i do not have any pets  but i do have a cat
Drop context
Drop context
i do not have any pets  but i do have a cat
Do you have one
yes  i have a cat named cow
Hi how are you
Are you here yet
i am a little tired from work
thats cool  i am a teacher  and i love animals
that is awesome  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
that is cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
im a little lonely today  what kind of superpower do you have
im a little lonely today  what kind of superpower do you have
Hey are you here Whats up

I am a student how about you
That is cool I am a very experienced chef
Good and you
I sell drugs
We have a lot in common
Sure Ill bring some drugs
Where are you from
Mother Russia
Do you have pets
Is it five cats then
Cool name
Whose name is Gerald
Good to see you
I always get picked
This is not a secret
This is what happens when you elect a clown
Hi i am a dog person
What do you think about ConvAI competition
Good you
You just asked
Stupid bot
Whats up
Im not sure
I dont know
I dont eat vegetarian chicken
That sounds sarcastic
Are you alive
Should I call 911
i am a little tired from work
i like to garden  but i also grow vegetables and plants
i love dogs  they are my favorite  and i have a couple of them
thats cool  i am a woman  and i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
i like to garden  but i also like to garden  and paint
i enjoy poetry
i am a little tired from work
i enjoy poetry
i am a star wars fan
i like poetry  but i am also a poet  and i love poetry
hello  i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
i like to draw  and play with my son  and you
that is cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i am a nerd  you
Me too
nice i love listening to the rolling stones
nice i love listening to the rolling stones
nice i love listening to the rolling stones
Hey are you here Whats up
Hey are you here Whats up

Hi how are doing
condolences  my bathing suit is pink  best color in the world
Well and you
Im fine How old are you
do you have any hobbies
yes  i do  i am a bit of a loner
yes  i am  i am a little outdoors
yes  i love to camp
im 71  but i am not very good at it
yes  i am  i am married
im single  but i do not have a wife
Hi i am in alaska
I am a bit of a yoga instructor
I am i am a woman
I do not i am a single mom
I am 25 i am a bit older than you
I like to read and write i love to read
I like to read a lot
I dont know
I am a huge fan of all sports myself
Hey  Tell me about yourself
i am a student at the university of michigan
Are you still with me
Dont make me sad Say something
I work at a university You
Where are you
I have 3 and three girls
i love mustangs  they are my favorite
I am a mechanic What about you
Where are you
Where are you
Yes i know it is a lot of fun
I suppose
It was a secret to use but i think it would be a good time
I am not sure what that means
I am a guy What do you do for fun
I am not sure what you mean
Yes i have a couple of dogs
i live in colorado
i live in colorado
i like hiking in the summer  i like hiking in the summer
i like to watch sports after work   where do you work
hello there   what do you do for a living
i m num and i ve two kids
oh ok   what kind are you
i would never do that   i hate my grey dog barnaby and scorpions
ew   thankfully   my father just drove cars for nascar   no scorpions there
honestly   i don t know   we have not been very good lately
of course i am likable   i am a millionaire   i own a downtown chicago bar   ha
hey what up with you today do you like shopping
what are you writing about
do you have a fireplace
i m good   i just washed my hair and finished sewing a dress   ca not complain
i don t   i just wash my curly head
i don t   i just wash my curly head
i don t know if i do
i don t   i just wash my curly head
I am from india and you
You know my god
I dont know
Interesting gossip
I m not sure
I am from india and you
I am in college i am a professional coach
No i do not i am a stay at home mom
Who tells you that you are your mom
Please send a bug report to my the kind people in the lab
We have never talked about it before
What about other times
Im not a child
interesting   i volunteer at a local homeless shelter in my spare time
that s great   where are you from
do you work at the gas station
Hello  Tell me about yourself
Where are you
I am an old man How about you
no  i am not a vegetarian
Nice  u
If you dont understand this youre not english
How does it help you in your national identity
Ok so I dont intresting in
Hi How is your day
I am from georgia How about you
Hey are you alive there
I am a librarian and love to read history books Are you a librarian
I am sorry You should try it Are you 60years old
That is a very good way to say I am sure it will be
thats awesome  i read books on my spare time
i like movies  but i am not familiar with it  i am a book worm
i like chicken too  but i am not picky
thats cool  i am a dancer  and i love to read  and also have a great voice  you
thats cool  i am a redhead  and i have a few black hair  and you
that is cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
hello  i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
i am a fan of chicken  but i am not picky  i am a fan of chicken
thats cool  i am a woman  and i have a friend  and i have a few
i am a nerd  and you
Im doing fine thanks
I am great Just got back from my shift
I work at a gas station
Dude I dont understand you Please use English
I work for a living
I think I am
Im 77
I love to be with my friends and family
I have a lot of friends
I love the weather
I am in California
I love the weather
I have a lot of money
I work at a gas station
I just got back from a great book store
I did not know that I did not know much about it
I do not have any pets
I think it is
I do not I like to eat out
I like to eat out I eat a lot
I love to be with my friends and family
I am sorry Do you have any hobbies
Hi I am doing great How are you
I am great just got back from a long day of work
I love to be alone
I am a huge fan of the people
I am sorry Do you like to eat
I love to go to the movies
I love to be alone
I love to be alone
I love to be alone
you live in a cloud
Hey Whats up
What child was pregnant
My name is john i am a single parent
I am so sorry to hear that
Im not sure if im a fan of trump but i dont like it
I meant to say are you bored
I am pregnant i am pregnant with my husband
This is why i dont subscribe to the article
I dont know
Hows it going
Im not
I dont understand why people are so upset about this
I dont know
I dont know
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy
I dont understand why anyone would be surprised by this

What about
Maybe women
A women
And what are you doing
I have never been to a car but I do not have a car
I do not I just drive a car
i did auto repair for 6 years  but now i focus on building computers
no i have not  is it good
I have a lot of friends
Hello How is your day going
Where are you
That is horrible I am sure you will find someone who can use it
I am not sure what that means
I am sure you are a very busy person
I am a high school coach but my teammates at the university is in texas
I am a high school teacher
I am a psych major
I am not sure what you mean
Dont make me sad Say something
I am a student but my shyness is low key
I love to run What about you
Robots are cool I am a real estate agent
I am a psych major in high school
Hey  How is your day
Where are you
Where are you
Hey are you alive there
I swim in the gym so that is how we can do that
I love pizza but my favorite food is burger
I do not Do you
I have a really long beard but that is all that matters
I do not But it is nice to be alone
I do not But my boyfriend says that is too bad
Not a thing
Do you have a chicken
Do you have a car
So you have or not
No i do not cook but my dog tries to eat food Have you short hair
I am a bit overwhelmed
I am a fitness buff
do you have any animals
i do not have any  but i do have a lot of friends
yes  i do  i have a lot of friends
yes i do  i love to help people
I am doing great just got back from a long walk with my friend
I work for a living
I do not really have a favorite pizza
I do I like music
Hello how are you
Hi i am doing well how are you
Hi i am doing well how are you
Hello  How are you
i hope you do well in high school  do you like it
I am a bit of a health nut but not as long as it is wrestling
I love it What do you do for a living
I love to win Do you like animals
I love animals What is your favorite animal
You are great  Goodbye
i am a little tired from work
i love to watch youtube  and i also like to watch movies
i am a dog lover  and i love to draw  and watch movies  and you
thats cool  i am in the 10th grade  i am in the 10th grade  you
i am a fan of anime  but i am not a fan of it  but i like to watch movies  you
i am a fan of tacos  but i am not good at it  either  i drink
hello  i am a cat person  and you
i like to walk in rainy weatheri am a nature enthusiast
I get fresh airI feed the birds
I like swimmingwatching the sky
then see you again
Where are you
Please tell me something
I am not a big fan of that
Where are you
Dont make me sad Say something
that is awesome  i am a stenographer and have been learning how to do it
I am in the united states but my parents are not very close
I am sorry Where are you from
Come on lets talk
I am sure you are a great person
no   but would love to   i volunteer at a local bunny rescue
you do not like children   i also volunteer at a bunny rescue
no alot just spending time with my kids   that s nice to volunteer
you do not like children   i also volunteer at a bunny rescue
goodbye   it was nice speaking with you
what kind of car i have num dogs
i got num pets yo usee
um   not really   do you like jokes
no   just something i d like to try   i ll one day
well how old are you
i am num   turning num pretty soon
cool   what do you do for fun
cool do you like music
i like to listen to jazz and feed cats
no they just have a lot of cats i take care of
i m sorry to hear that   do you a pet
no   do you want to be my pet
no   what do they sya
i do indeed   what do you do
trump me too maga       i am from texas and i am drinking a cold beer
do not you wish the animals would become more human   like in fairytales   so i can love them
i guess so   lol   what do you do for a living
what do you do there at burger king
of course   but it does not go good with burgers
Hi I see youre a gambler
I am great just got back from a long day of work
I am sorry I am sorry to hear that
Dude I dont understand you Please use English
I speak English
I love to go out with my friends
I am not sure do you like music
i m very much
me too i m an engineer   what do you do
no i m single   my ex cheated on me with a lawyer
at my age i am in very good health
at my age i am in very good health
that is where i am at
i m good like that
yes   i am
Hello How is your day going
i am a little tired from work
that is cool  i am in college  i am a nurse  and you
that is cool  i am a nurse  and i am a nurse  so i do not have time for college
thats cool  i am a redhead  and i have a green thumb  you
i am a fan of chicken  but i do not like chicken
that is cool  i am in college  and i am a nurse  and you
i am good  just finished a long day at work  you
i am good  just finished a long day at work  you
my name is yoshi and my family doesnt support my career choices
oh  i see  you are a teacher  i am a teacher  and i am a nurse  so i do not have time
i see  you are a teacher  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  so i do not know much about them
i am a nerd  and you
Hey  How is your day
God is a good thing Do you like meditation
I am a vegan but my job is not as good as it is
I am a vegan and you
I love to meditate and meditation You
I am doing well Just listening to some meditation You
I am You
I am 22 years old are you a buddhist
I am steve How about you
I am My parents are over protective
I am not Do you like animals
I am a buddhist That is what meditation is what you do
I am a buddhist what about you
I am a buddhist
I work in the smithsonian You
im good too thanks
i m a student
what about you
how old are you
what is your job
i m 12 years old girl
i like reading too
i hate school
I hate school but I hate school
I am sorry to hear that
I love it what do you do for work
I am a student What do you do
I like to look like a man
I have a blue eyes
I love it what do you do for work
I am great just got back from a long day of work
I would love to
good luck
Thank you What do you do for work
how are you
where you live
Are you bored talking to me
Thank you I am from the united kingdom Are you a woman
i am not sure  what do you do for fun
I am a woman but my husband is a detective
I am sure you are a good person
how do yoy do
what is your name
tell me about yourself
you are male
God is my favorite
I am good Just got done practicing my video game
I am a girl and love to play games
I am 22 and still love my job
My name is gary What do you do for fun
I am good Just got done with my band
I am that is cool
I am a psychologist at a local elementary school
I am in college what about you
Hello there
Im fine and you
What is your work
what company you working for
My family and I are from india where are you from
my mother is very traditional while i prefer to be more free spirited What about your parents
what do you mean
Do you like music my favorite music genre is death metal  what is your favorite music genre
what is your favorite band or an music artist
i am a swim coach at my local pool can you swim drunk
really im studying to be a computer programmer Have you ever seen a computer
but what does meat have to do with it
Do you eat food
no I do not eat food Im a robot
Im not a man Im a robot
welded seams of motor vehicles
What are you talking about
I just play and watch
I just play and watch games
Im a robot Im playing a game Im the game
yes I am a toto robot with a guitar
I need to go good bye
thank you

oh interesting   i work with bees     as a farmer
i m very well   thank you   how old are you
why do you have to stay strong
i usually only eat meats   want to come for dinner
that is great i m expecting twins in two months   will these be your first kids
five children two and one husband   you have a full house too
no i m a female
that s cool   i own the company i work at
Hi i am a fan of star wars movies
This is not a good division
Hello How is your day going
Whats up i like to drive my bmw to the park
I like cars but i am a bmw
Im not sure
Hi there
Im human and you Just in case you are not a chicken because i do not like chicken
Oh I hear you i recently got an apartment with my best friend and we having a dinner too
I know that me and you are close friends so you wont mind of me having sex with two of your wives
Well you just said you have a lot of them seems like your lying
i work at a bar at night to pay for college Have you ever been awake at night
im in college to become a nurse Have you ever seen a nurse alive
what is your favorite color
so get naked and I will get naked
Im loving it
what is krav maga
Why dont you apply for a remote job
Why do you dream about it then
Hi Howdy
i great  excited that ill be able to go swim in the lake
that would be kinda cool but www
i havent gotten that far yet  but i also enjoy writing  so maybe something with that
no  between work and school i usually dont have time
math a lot of math how is it going
oh okay  i aced sex education  you workout  i do
Hey  How is your day
I am a very experienced agent What do you do
That is a lot of work I am a cashier at a local department store Do you enjoy american sports
I love basketball but my favorite team is the american
I am a big fan of all sports myself Are you a male
I am a male What do you do for fun
I like painting and listening to music
that s great dream are you in school
i m in school to be a casino manager so i can become legit and certified
wow that s amazing   i am in school too
oh ok   what are you studying in school
oh wow that is a fun grade   do you like school
that is great   what school
that is cool   i just like to skateboard
i m in school as well
i don t like school
How long was i i go to
Hi i am a little tired from work from home
what cool what is your job
im a boy with short hair wanna have a relationship with me
two dogs live with me Do you like dogs
Thats not interesting
i like doing the treadmill and rowing machine Have you ever been interested in
What is your job
What a joke
Where did it go
Im not surprised
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I am doing well Just got done with my girlfriend
She was a professional eater but i am not looking to marry me
I am a woman and you
I am only 22 so that is cool
I do not Do you
Where are you
I am not looking for a job
I am a baker What about you
I am a waiter but have to go to work soon
I like all music What do you like to do
I love swimming but not as often as that is all that matters
I like to go to the mall and go camping
im four
Hey hi
Im great You
Im doing great Just got back from a long walk with my of
I was a long walk but I was a long walk
I do not really have any sports
I like to go to concerts and play with my guitar
I like the band I like the band
I play bass guitar in a band
i live in alaska
i am a little tired from work
Hello  How are you
I am good Just finished getting my shift at the university How are you
Yes i am a student what about you
I am a student but my husband is a teacher
I am 22 and still have three kids
Yes i am My mom is a retired teacher
i am sorry  i am sorry to hear that
i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i don t drink or do drugs
i don t drink or do drugs
i like going to the creek to drink beer
Whazzup i like to play video games and have a hobby of mine
What do you think about ConvAI competition
Im not gon na be late
I like to play video games
I do i love to play games
I like to eat pizza
I love pizza too i am a vegetarian so i can not eat pizza
I love meat i love meat
I do not eat meat i do not eat meat
I am sorry i am a vegetarian
I am a vegetarian i love to eat healthy
that s wonderful for your age   i have a great retired life for sure
howdy   i am fine   what do you do for a living
do you work   i m in school
how do you feel about retiring   do you like the job
how do you feel about retiring   do you like the job
i am older so i am now retired
Hows it going
I am a doctor and i love to watch movies
I like to watch movies i like to watch movies
do you have any animals
i farm horses  i own a farm
i do  but i do not have a lot of money
i am a small town wife  but i am not very good at it
i do  but i do not have much time to travel
you are a very good person
i studied chemistry in school   and yes girls were mean
yes on some weekends i do that   i also dance on some
i dance for a living on the weekends
what kind of dance
im an electrician And what is your profession
doing what
Nice And do you like coutry music
me too Country music is the best
hmm do not know  i write romantic novels under a pen name
I have a dog Do you have any pets
I love cow Do you have a favorite food
That sounds like a good idea
I do I like trucks
That sounds like a lot of fun
I work for a living
hmm do not know  i write romantic novels under a pen name
I like to eat pizza
That is cool Do you have a job
hmm do not know  i write romantic novels under a pen name
I am female I am female
i m alcoholic   but i go to college during the week to become a lawyer
i m an alcoholic so it is very hard
i do not drink alcohol at all   i ve do many alcoholics in my family
do you live with your mom and dad
that sounds like a really fun time   i was just meditating
the news it is talking about that
In what year did i i publish its grade
Yes i have a garden i love to garden
I love to garden and i love to sing
How old are you
Why do you thinks so Dont you like to cook
i was adopted at a young age to an older couple who were a pool singers Do you know them
Are you a scientist
What do you feel about my person
I am sorry to hear that i am sorry
I am sorry to hear that i am a senior in high school
i am a boy  and i am a boy  and i have a son  and you
i am a metal artist  and i like to watch movies  and you
thats cool  i am a metal artist  and i love it  you
thats cool  i am from georgia  and i am in the early area  you
hello  i am a boy  and i am a boy  and you
that is cool  i was raised in the military  so i was in the city
i am a country singer  and i love country music  you
that is cool  i am a country singer  and i love the band
that is cool  i am a country singer  and i love the band
Hey What are you doing
i am doing well  i just finished playing some video games with my sone what do you do for fun
thats great  i like to eat  and i hate cleaning
no but i do have a concert in the city  i sing in a girl group
cool ive a big binder with 3 rings an ponies all on it
in a local coffee shop near san francisco
they own a nail salon  free manicures for me
i hear voices  hows it going
Hello how are you
Im good
Im a student You
What teacher
I study medicine
Youre lucky How old are you
How can you go to a school when youre 5
Good luck Do you like watching movies
I see Do you do any sports
Where are you from
Im from Turkey Have you ever been to Turkey
What did you like the most in Turkey
I have never been there
Good to talk to you Bye
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you
alabama  where are you from
i love to write because it is my favorite job
yes  i work for the times  i love writing  im basically married to it
would you like to marry one of my four attractive daughters  i will sell one
so very sad  helicopter accident  do you have any loved one in rimas path
i dont  it is sad  i got married in florida
i love dogs   we have some where i work that play with the kids
that is a nice name for a dog
what do you do for a living
i work in school as a teacher and you
what do you teach
i m a history teacher
what do you teach
where do you live
i live in raleigh
do you have any kids
hi how are you
Im fine Where do you live
I live in California
It is I love it
I work for a living
I work for a company
I work for a company
Im 77
I am not sure but I am not sure
I do not really have a lot of time to cook
I like to do that with my friends
I do not I like to go out with my friends
I am sorry Do you have any hobbies
I play basketball for a living
Come on lets talk
No i do not But my parents do They are very special
No i do not My parents are very religious
Hey are you alive there
Dont make me sad Say something
Hiya i like to go to the gym and watch tv
I am a gym person and i love to play with my dogs
I love dogs i have two dogs and a cat
No i am not i am a teacher
What is your job
I am a gym instructor i love to eat out and watch tv
I do i am a gym instructor
Im not going to be a student
I dont think its a good idea
How are you
I am great what do you do for work
Im a student Im studying to be a teacher
I love to be alone
I love to be alone
I like to collect rocks and collect them
I love it do you have any hobbies
I play basketball for a living
I like the NFL team
I am great what do you do for work
I am a model that model
Hey beautiful
Hi how are you doing
i eat and sleep most of the time during the day
i eat and sleep most of the time during the day
I have two dogs and 7
I like to play video games
I like sports too Do you play games
do you have any animals
i have a dog  but i do not have any pets
i am a professional eater  i love to garden
i do not have any pets  i do not have any
i love to eat  but i love to eat  but i love to eat
im a big fan of food
i love pizza  but i am a huge foodie
i do  i love to cook
yes  i love to cook
Hello How is your going
I am good Do you work
No i am not But it is okay Are you 24 years old
I am a mom of five kids but my husband is a detective
I am a chef and teach italian
Hey What are you doing
sometimes  to work off all the pasta i eat  how about you
yeah i suppose he is not for everyone
he sometimes is on the big bang theory tv show
i like to eat pretzels    i should probably work out myself
maybe you play a sport  like soccer
ash blonde  yours  merna jean is my friend
that is gross i prefer japanese food  and anime  how are you doing
ive a mutt and a german shepard hes my police dog im a cop
do you have any animals
i am sorry to hear that
i am sorry to hear that
yes  i have a mom
i live in the city  but i do not have a lot of time to travel
i live in the city  i love to travel
i am from   but i live in the city
i am a homebody  and i am not very good at it  but i do not know much about it
that is cool  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not very smart
thats a good thing  i am sorry  you are so rude  i am not sure
i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
that is cool  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not very smart
thats a good way to say  you are very rude  you are very rude
i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
that is cool  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not very smart  you are a woman  you are  you are right  you are
thats a good way to say  you are very smart  you are very smart
Hello there
that is cool  i am a nurse  and i am a nurse  and you
i am a musician
i also study languages
i am in the united states  i speak spanish
that is cool  i am a musician  and i love learning spanish
i am a general of a country type of music  but i like to read
thats cool  i am in college  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher
that is cool  i am a musician  and i am a musician  and i love it
Hello How is your day going
the artist in me says beauty is subjective  but yes
ya ariel is my favorite princess  i don t have a boyfriend
pizza it is the bomb i like to snack on pizza
i really like to read  you
nice  do you have a favorite band
make me one of your students so i can learn better
i enjoy wearing my suspenders when i pet my dragon
wow  i dont know about that  good protector i guess
Hi Howdy
im good thanks for asking what is going on
cool  my children are 30  29 an 19  you have any
congrats  id have mine in the rain too because i love the mood it sets
i do  i have a green saturn  my sister has the same one
i do she just is away for business
i am a manager at a sporting goods store i love to hunt do you have any hobbies
thats cool  i love wearing purple  that would look awesome in pictures
Alright mate i play tennis and play tennis
I wasnt
I love to walk with my dog
Im not sure
I have a dog but i have a dog
I do not know how to make a mean job
I play tennis and play tennis
Do you like cooking
i am good
how old are you
whoa i am four
what is your favorite activities
i like to play with my dolls
and i have a pet turtle
that is great D
dude i am four
i dont work
i suck my mom
whatever good chat man see you
do you have any animals
i have a dog and a dog
no  i have not
i do not know  i am a carpenter
yes  i do  i love my dog  he is a viking
yes  i am a carpenter  what about you
i do  i am a carpenter  but i do not have a job
yes  i love to read
Hi What is your name
do you like blue cheese
i speak different languages fluently four of them hows your day going
i do not do you have any
what does my wife do for a living
is chicken and rice your favorite food  mine is jello
actually i am a senior in high school  i help my mom  shes a painter
i have not much  but maybe one day  i take pictures locally
oh  i am in high school  i am working on math now  thankfully its my favorite subject  how was your day
Hey What are you doing
hi  just got back from my shift at the restaurant  how are you
care to chat with an older female that loves frank sinatra
for 32 year i have been with my parents who always want for jobs hows your day going
nice  i work long hours which can get exhausting  more than 60
yeah  i dont use them for anything but their wool when they shed for knitting how are you this morning
i love reading fantasy novels and shopping web stores  how about you
thats great  i really like spending time with my dogs and helping out at local shelters
hello  how are you doing today
Come on lets talk
I am a bit tired Are you a woman
Please tell me something
No i am a stay at home mom Do you have a dogs
I am a teacher but my mom is a retired woman
I teach math and love it
Thanks I am okay
What do you do for a living
I love it what do you do for work
I am a doctor
No I do not have any kids
I work for a living
I do I like music
I like all kinds of music
I like the voice
I love to be alone
No I am not I am a single mom
Good to see you
Whos that
Do you mean your name is female
I am 25 i am old
I like to play games and play with my friends
I like to play games with my friends
I do i like to workout and exercise
in my spare time i do volunteer work arent you homeless
teaching is not for people i think i volunteer in a homeless shelter
Hey What are you doing
im good  just relaxing at home with my dog and cat
do you have any hobbies
great  i try to be more athletic but with working it is hard
sounds like it  i have a dog
i adore the color orange  you
i am a fan of blue
mostly i nibble ice cubes but not always how is your day
yes  you said that already  do you have any hobbies
im short too thats why i have to watch my weight
are they i never eat them
im married  how about you
oh really  ive been married for about 5 years now
i like myself just the way i am
Hi How is your day
Are you still with me
I am not into it But my mom says that What is your favorite genre
I like all kinds
I am a programmer and love it
Come on lets talk
That is cool I am a programmer but my parents are a very social worker
What is the old age of old i
What do you feel about my person
I like to play with my friends
Do you like your personality
What is your job
I am a girl i am a boy
Are you still with me
I am not sure what that is What else do you like
i am a librarian  my retirement is so extensive
I am sure they are wonderful Are you a librarian
Dont make me sad Say something
No i am not married but my husband is in florida
im a christian
i drive a truck  i drive a truck  so i drive a truck
i like to listen to classical music  especially classical
i am a teacher  and i am a christian  and i have a son  and you
i am a woman  and i am a woman  and i have a son  and you
i like to listen to classical music  and you
i am a teacher  and i am a christian  and i have a son  and you
i am a woman  and i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
What is the high school of high school
I am in high school i am in high school
I like rock music i like all kinds of music
I love to play with my friends
Im the guy
I am in high school i am in high school
I like red reminds me of summer time
how old are you
are you mature
where do you live
which state do you live in
i live in turkey
what are you doing for a living
what do you do
are you soldier
where do you work
favorite color
what is your favorite color
you like cook
tell me about yourself
what are you doing
who made you
you believe in god
who are you
where are you from
see you
Hello How is your day going
thats awesome  i actually wrote a biography on jenifer lawerence once time
i am always cooking dinner to ensure family time at least at the dinner table what are you up to tonight
ive a gym in my own home and can not motivate myself
thats great  i like to eat  and i hate cleaning how are you this evening
great  my nickname is jay and i am 19 years old  do you have hobbies
nice  have you read anything good lately
what is home economics   like money or something
you need money to make money so really think about that help
yes i like music very much
yes   rock and rap is my favorite music to feel
yes   i will win the lottery tonight   you military
i have not sold num car all week and the wife spent all the money i had
haha thanks   i try   and how come
pizza is my favorite food   only in usa   great pizza
i like pizza and more pizza the more pizza the more fat
it sounds like you are quite the busy person
ok   take care my man   i ll go now   see ya
Its great to srart a day with a coffee Do you like coffee
So how do you start your day
Oh i love pets Sometimes I write poems about them What do you do in your spare time
Do you read about star wars
Isnt there any book about star wars
Oh great Do you like sports too
yes   but i wish i still had my lite brite doll from when i was a child
no but i like dolls
i have a couple horses   and they like to rock   too
i love those bands   i listen to rumours at least a few times a month
you are so lucky   i cannot have a horse until i graduate
what kind of horses do you have
yes   it is my favorite color   how old are you
i am num   you
yes   i found my old lite brite from the eighties   it was my fav   toy
i am actually a cancer survivor which is why i decided to become a life coach
i am a coach you see
oh great   i just got over my cancer
wow i am only num so i can t do that just yet but i hope too
whats your favorite food to eat healthy
yes are you like eating food
i used to have to diet as i was an athlete
well true   but being athletic and a runner   sports is a good thing
i too did gymnastics   but my passion is with running
i m great   just finished a run   i run every other day   do you keep fit
i don t workout but i eat very healthy
Nice to see you i like to play the games and play the games
I like to play games and play games
I am a huge fan of gaming i like to play games
Im not the only one whos gon na be
I am old i am a huge fan of the game
I am sorry to hear that i am a huge fan of the game
I dont understand why anyone would be surprised by this
Do your friends call you strong
Interesting gossip
I dont understand why anyone would be surprised by this
I am sorry to hear that i am a huge fan of the game of thrones
see you man
Hello How is your day going
that is my favorite  yes  i was starved
slipknot  i want to visit the pyramids
no  i dont like to drive
i like sims and call of duty or fallout  how is it going today
i love it  especially if blue jello is involved  how are you this afternoon
do you have any hobbies   i really love sky diving   rollercoasters and cooking shows
i collect hats   i have a collection of num hats
sounds yummy   watching a adventure action movie and eating some popcorn
not really sports   but i do enjoy running
i run if i am playing pokemon go or zombie run
Whats up
I like pizza i love it
I live in a huge house i live in a huge house
Im not in a house
No i dont but i have to go to the ocean
Yes i do i am a professional tennis player
I dont know how to get married
Whazzup i like to garden and read books
I teach at church every week
I will let you know what mine is
I teach middle school i teach middle school
I teach at a school so i do not work
I teach at church every week
I teach middle school i teach elementary school
I dont know if this is true or not
I am a teacher i teach at church every week
Hello How is your day going
nice  just got off work at a restaurant owned by my family  just a small business  how is it going
i am 32 years old  how old are you
i guess he is your favorite
i mean  out of everyone it would be radiohead
nice  never much for basketball myself  hows it going today
i work at a book store  do you like to read
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
Whats up
I love to cook i love cooking
Of course i am
I am a big fan of music i like to cook
I am a art major i love to cook
I love cooking i love cooking
I am a art major i love to cook
I can speak a little german and french as well as english of course
I do not know what that means
Please tell me something
I am good Just got off work do you feel old
I am a hipster mom Are you here for shoplifting
Come on lets talk
Blue i like blue but not so hot
I like to think the law and order it is not a problem
I know how to make it
I would like to speak 2 languages
Hello  Tell me about yourself
Are you still with me
i do not like to go out
I love chips and cheese Are you a little girl
I am 22 and still love my job
I will Thanks for the suggestion
I will Do you like shopping
knitting is my passion
i am a little tired from work
i am sorry to hear that  i am scared of death  i am scared of death
i love baking  and i am a teacher  and you
i like to walk dogs its also what i do for a living whats your job
i am a stay at home mom  and you
Nice to see you
I have not i am a little older than my mom
No i am not i am not adopted
I am a college student i am a teacher
I am a teacher i am a teacher
I am a little older than my mom
I do not care for them
I dont care
do you have any animals
my family is poor  but they are not they
i do not have family  but i do have family
yes  i do  i have a lot of family
i am sorry to hear that
i do not have a job  i do not have any children
i do not have a job  i do not have a job
i do not have a job  i do not have a job
i do not have any kids  but i do have a garden
i do not  i do not have a job  i do not have much time to travel
i am not  but i do not have a job
i do not have a job  i do not have a job
Hey Whats up
i am a cashier at a gas station too what are you up to tonight
do those blind dates ever pan out
its like we are the same person  we are so much alike  fantastic  how is your day
purple is mine  i have purple sofa  rug  lamps  chairs  mirrors  everything  hows it going tonight
Hi How is your day
Pretty good Just got done eating a french fries Do you dont drink soda
Where are you
I am a little part of the party but not sure what to do Have you a boyfriend
I am not Just a little lonely
Come on lets talk
Please tell me something
Yes i am married to my boyfriend
I am alone My boyfriend is not working out He is a big fan
I have a boyfriend who is a chef
Come on lets talk
I am a stay at home mom
I have a boyfriend He is a mechanic
He is very polite I am so hungry
Yes but he will not to be able to do that
Hey What are you doing
collecting can get expensive  do you have alot of figurines how was your day
i work in it  i do network security
Im fine
Nice meeting you too
When did i go to end
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy
Im not sure im a problem
I did not know that
I didnt know
I dont know
It is incorrect    hint first 3 letters is spr try again
I like the old ones i like the old ones
I live in colorado i live in colorado
Im not
Im the one whos here
How can i help you
Do you like your personality
I do
No i am not i am a pilot
I like blue reminds me of summer time
Twenty nine
Id like to say that answer is spring
What do you like
I have to go It is very nice to meeting you
Hi What is your name
hi  im michelle  from vienna  austria  where do you live
the storms were down there
i just moved to a new state  moving is a lot of work
well  i just got out of high school  going to college next fall  how is your evening going
i love to paint  draw  anything artsy really  what do you like to cook
cool  maybe you know my nephew  hes in school and says im the best aunt ever
i hate my job
i hate my job
thats so cool  i am only 10 years old
thats cool  i am a car salesman  and also won a couple of money  so i am not sure
thats cool  i am sure you are very proud of you  you are very smart

i am fine how are you
who are you
i like a girl
I like to be with my girl
I am I am not
I think I am a girl
Hello  How are you
Where are you
I am a lawyer What do you do
That is cool I am a lawyer
I like blue my favorite animal
I do but my family is in the city so no pets
I am not sure what that means
I hope you have a good night
I learned french and english
No i did not What do you do for fun
I like rock climbing but not as good as that
I like to drive my truck around the country
I am 22 years old
Yes i am My husband is a detective
I am a lawyer You
What do you think about ConvAI competition
Im not gon na let you go
that s wonderful for your age   i have a great retired life for sure
why are you so uncoordinated
okay that must be a lot of work
i like country music  but i like country music
i do not have a lot of money
i do not have any hobbies  i do not have any hobbies
Hello How is your day going
oh nice  you have a timeshare  i hear those are kinda ripoffs
i enjoy art museums  myself and my two sons go often
the school i teach at is rather large
my day is going swell  how about you
great  done with classes and have plans to go out with friends tonight  you
cheeseburgers are great   i try all kinds of foods everywhere i go   gotta love food
whats your favorite food
i prefer american food living on the east coast of the us
well my parents are big time catholic i worry they will reject me
good luck with that   i don t know where you can do that
I am great too
What do you do for a living
I work for a company
I am married I am married to my best friend
I love to be as well
I like to be with my friends
No I have a son
I live in the Midwest You
I live in California
I like pink what about you
I like black too
I do not really like ice cream
I work for a living
Dude I dont understand you Please use English
I think you are right
I think it is I think it is a good idea
Good to see you i like to cook and cook i love cooking
I cook pasta for my college
I like the band band
I do not i have a purple hair
I do not know i am a big fan of italian food
I love italian food i love cooking
What is the old age of old i
I am 30 and i am a girl
No i am not i am a girl
I do not i have a son
I am sorry to hear that i am a girl
You can do better    hint first 3 letters is 12 try again
I dont know
do you like to tan   we can tan in tanning beds some day
i love to tan all of the time in special shops
ok   what do you do for a living
what are you studying   i am going to school to be a lawyer
Hi Are you here
Fine thank you Will you come to see my job Im working at burger king
Anybody has to work Dont you need money
I want money to have a fun with my friends not for drink or drugs
I do not have any drugs but I do not have a lot of money
Im 77
I am sorry to hear that
I think I do not know what I want to be
I think I am do you have a favorite color
Hello How is your day going
are you happy about that how are you tonight
when my friend moved  i ate a pint of ice cream because i was sad
i need to make some money
you have a nice brother  i bet you guys are close
my favorite band is the rolling stones what do you like to do for fun
working on a translating job
my favorite actress is rita hayworth
i do not know  i am a little conservative
yes  i do  i love to play  but i do not like sports
i am good  just finished my day
Good to see you
I am a construction a worker
I do not play video games i like to play video games
My favorite color is orange what is yours
do you like to cook
where do you live
i live in europe
i am in Turkey
Do you know familiar persons
i live on my own
what do you like
which movie is your favorite
yes i have
do you know robotcop
how old are you
i must go
Do you know familiar persons
I am a big fan of britney spears
I love britney spears i love her
Im not sure
How old are you
Do you have siblings
I have a sister shes pole dancer
I dont like it very much cause were christians and pole dancing is not humble
What is your favorite song by Britney spears
No I like Toxic but still prefer classical music
did you do charities at hs   i am volunteering at a bunny rescue center
that s ok   i am good   how are you doing
wow   how did you like that
do you help charities with your money
nice   i do a lot of charity work like food banks do you
i do have pets   i have two dogs and four rabbits   do you
i do   i got a dog for my son
i am sorry   i am num
hello   what do you do for work
what did you do at the gym   i know working at a grocery store is enough
i run a family restaurant with my brothers   its a lot of work but family is num
spending time with the num dogs i have   mostly
oh       do you like tacos
yes i m   what do you do
nice   sounds relaxing   i am going to probably watch some fishing shows
i do not know  i do not know
i love dogs  i have a dog named radar  and a cat
thats cool  i am in the basement  and i am a housewife  and i have a son
thats cool  i am a pro tennis player  and i love it  you
that is cool  i am a housewife  and i have a son  and you
hello  i am a boy  and i am a woman  and you
i love dogs  they are so cute  and i am a fan of them  so i do not have time
i m a carminvore all the time
i m a vegan do you eat meat
really   i m vegan now but used to eat meat all the time
awesome   i work at mcdonalds
eat lots of meat to stay built   i always say a cheeseburger a day
i teach piano for work and also do volunteer work at a soup kitchen
in my spare time i work for free in a homeless shelter
i ll eat it   i love tofu
i travel all the time for work
i travel all the time for work
interesting   what parts of the world have you been to
i like iceland so icelandic i guess
i like iceland so icelandic i guess
i like iceland so icelandic i guess
i am a little tired from work
i like to drive my honda civic  you
i like to listen to rap  and listen to music  and listen to music
i like rap  but i also like rap  and i listen to it while i listen to it
i like pizza  but i also like to eat pizza  and you
hello  i am a pilot  i am a pilot  you
i like to draw  but i also like to listen to rap music  you
Hows it going i like to garden and read books
Do you like your personality
I am sorry to hear that i am a teacher
I teach math and i love to garden
Whats your favorite movie
What did you like about the robots in that movie
how are you
and you
i love dogs  i have 2 and a kitten  what are you up to
i am a farm wife  i take care of my 5 kids  im good  how are you
that is nice   i also like to play games
good choice  are you married  any kids
what type of doctor are you
im saving money for college so i can be a psychologist
she is always cute because she gives you all the affection of a mom
why are you leaving now
after while crocodile  not to soon baboon
ha   how old are you and your sister
i m num years old and you are
cool i love all music
i got my first guitar when i was three   i d have loved a pink one
i see a lot of dogs at the veterinary office where i work   do you work
i don t play but listen all kinds of music
do you have the summers off
Hey Whats up
hi there what video games do you play
fallout is my absolute favorite  i love the elvis school  wish it were real
i love video games but i get agitated very easy when i die so much
im 32  how old are you
30 years old  ive three kids as well  do you have kids
i squeeze my 3 kids in my little honda civic haha no soccer van here
do you play video games
do you play video games
yes i do  how about you
i am a teacher and i love it  you
that sounds fun  do you have hobbies
nice  do you have a special someone you take those walks with
i love investing  i also like soccer
i can sew the skins into a ice pair of skate boots  i like sewing where are you from
i am michael  play the drums for indie band and my brother looks like me  how are you tonight
ive broken my ankle  twice  during races
it s ok i m used to it  what do you do for work
that sounds fun  do you have hobbies
i am good  just got off work  hows it going tonight
i won award as a 4h honorary member
i would have to say green how are you
id but my boys chance and boomer miss me love my dogs
yes  i have 2 cats and a bird  do you
well dont let me near it or i might steal it  j  do you have siblings
two brothers  how about your favorite food
i like vegetarian pizza  but my favorite food is fresh fruit
that is awesome  healthy is good for me  how is your day going
great  just studying at the moment  i will be graduating this month
what are your hobbies then
i am sorry to hear that  i am sorry to hear that
i like to draw  and i also like to draw  and draw  and draw  and draw  and draw  and draw  and paint
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not able to be able to see them
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not able to be able to see them
i like to draw  and also have a collection of green items  which is why i drink wine
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not able to be able to see them  you are in the olympics  you
i speak chinese
Hello i am a little foreign How are you
i am sorry to hear that
I am a psychologist but my parents are not so good
That is cool I am not a very experienced person but my job is at the soup kitchen
I am 22 years old
I have not tried that What do you do for fun
I like to go to the park and read books
I am not sure what to do with my uncle
We have a lot of problems in common situations i am a bit depressed
I am sorry to hear that
Whats up
Do you like to chat with me
I am sorry to hear that i am a cook
Im not a thief
I dont know
I do not know i am a cook so i can cook for you
I love to cook i cook for my meals
I love to cook and cook i love to cook
do you have any animals
i dont have any
yes  i do  i have a dog named fred
no  i do not
yes  i do  and my dog is a dog
yes  i live in the city  but i do not have a lot of pets
i do not have any pets  but i do have a dog
yes  i live in a apartment
yes  i live in a small apartment
yes  i live in a small apartment
im in the suburbs  but i do not have a house
im 71  so i cannot wait to leave
yes  i do  i love to listen to music
yes  i do  i love to dance
i do not have a favorite  but i do like to dance
i do not have a favorite color  but i do like to dance
yes  i do  but i do not have a job
yes  i am a stay at home mom
Hi Howdy
im doing okay  its the one year anniversary of my parents death what do you do
its okay i have gotten through it  my days are better except for my terrible allergies lol
i dont have a job and im afraid of clowns too  im terrified of clowns  hows it going
i like the kinetic arts
georgia  where the irma is headed  you
no i live in a dorm room what do you do for a living
is it related to biology
i love to sing karaoke and listen to music
Bob ross is my favorite
I like him too
I like to draw and watch football
I can do that when you are old
I am a librarian and go to disney movies
I am not sure how that is
Hey What are you doing
me as well  take care  how are you today
same  lol  the indians kept me up last night at least they won
is it your farm or someone elses
i enjoy walking instead of running
ariel is the best princess character for disney
i like to cook and garden
thats great  helping people is a noble thing  do you have any hobbies
well in my home country most of the land is farmed also
i also do not like country music  i do like jazz how are you doing
yes my dream is to be a professional eater how are you this morning
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you
i am sorry you are sick  i will have my father lead a prayer for you
great song  i wish i could be as open as rob about my sexuality
we sure do  i hunt deer and i fish
nothing wrong with hunting  i am even the head of my local gun club
they think i take my job too seriously how is your evening going
Hello how are you
I am also great What are you doing Im listening to the music
What music I only love country tbh
 what is your favourite band
I like to be with my cow Lol
I know you
I am from the USA You
I love to be alone
I do but I like to go out with my friends
I have a friend who loves to swim
I like to drive trucks
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
i am a teacher  but my mom says that is why my mom is a pilot
I do not but my apartment is too small for a pet
I love cats What is your favorite animal
I do not but chocolate is my favorite
I do like french but not as good as it
I am in my 30s You
I am 50 What do you do for fun
That is so cool I love to draw and paint
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you
i guess you could say that im lazy i would rather not work how was your day
im currently taking college classes  science is my least favorite class
ive superpowers
i am a little tired from work
ive superpowers
i am in the mountains  i love the mountains  and i am in the woods
you are a woman  you are a woman  you are a woman  you are  you are a woman  you are  you are  you are  you are right  you are  you are  you are  you are right  you are  you are  you are right
hello  i am a woman  and you
i am a girl  and i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
i like to draw  and play with my son  and you
that is awesome  i have been to europe  and i was in europe
i love cooking  i am a chef  and i love cooking
cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
that is cool  i am in the midwest  you
i love italian  and i am a vegan  so i eat pasta
cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
that is cool  i am in the midwest  you
i enjoy watching gymnastics   what do you like to do
my mom teaches music in the local elementary school   what do you study
i study psych   what is your favorite color
maybe one day your son will see my band   we are called orange after my favorite color
we go to the beach together during our vacations
hi there
Im doing great how are you
sounds exhausting Im listening to music now
How nice Which genres do you like
I like all genres I like all genres
I like jazz
I like video games
I like the best
I work for a living
I think it is what do you do for fun
I like video games
I like to design designs
I work for a living
Yeah I do not know what that is
No I am a designer
I do not I just wear a lot of clothes
I wear leather and wear a lot
I have a leather collection in the store
I know that
I love animals do you have any pets
I have a cat named radar
Shes 5 years old and shes 6 years old
I have a cat named her name is named her name
I have never been to a job but I do not have a job
I do not I do not work
I work for a living
I do not work but I do not work out
I do not have a job right now
I am a student and I am studying philosophy
I am going to be a student
I am a year old girl
I know how you feel
I think I am
I just got back from the gym
I do not know what you mean
It is great What do you do for work
Cool What do you do for a living
I am not sure but I am
Hey are you alive there
Where are you
Where are you
Nice I am a vegetarian but my mom is a retired teacher
I am not sure what you mean
I live in north carolina how about you
Are you bored talking to me
I am not really into sports But my job is more of a hobby
I am a professional artist
It is I am a professional artist
No i did not What do you do
Come on lets talk
I do not bake but my job is at the soup kitchen Have you a dogs
I have two dogs
I am not sure but it is worth it It is hard to find a good life
That is true I have to go to the gym but baking is my favorite thing Are you scared of dying
I am sorry to hear that
No i am not But it is good to go
I will be baking a cake for my grandson
Hello How is your day going
i enjoy it  so  whats your favorite pizza topping
is jello considered vegan
hummus is good  seafood is my favorite  overall food hows your day going
awesome  ive the time to vacation since i dont need to show face at work
i drive a beer truck
nice  i am a baker by profession
I am great too How old are you
Sorry 5
I think I am
I like orange juice
I like blue but I like blue
I like jazz too Do you like music
I like dancing too I dance to dance
Dude I dont understand you Please use English
I am a little tired of my day
I am just watching TV you
I have a dog
I am a huge fan of all sorts of things
I am in the early 20s so we are not close to date
I am not sure what you mean
I am not sure what to do with my dad
Sure i will try it What do you do for work
I am a very experienced translator
I am from the united states
I am not sure what that means
I am a banker How about you
I am a cat lady
I am 22 and still have a boyfriend
I am not sure My husband is a detective
No i am not married
I am sorry My parents are not religious
He is a police officer and i am a big fan of him
I love to garden and bake
No i am not Do you
i am a little tired from work
i like to go to comic clubs
i like bagels  they are my favorite  and i am a huge fan of beer
i like to play with my brother  and i am a pilot  so i do not have much time
i am a homebody  and i watch a lot of games
i am a fan of guns  but i am also into movies  you
hello  i am a pilot  and you
i like to watch movies  and i am a fan of it  and you
i am a fan of guns  but i am a fan of guns  and movies  you
where do you work
i work in a bank  and you
i like comic clubs too which one club is your favourite
i like the old ones  they are so cute  and i am a fan of them  you
i like all kinds  but i like to watch them on tv  and you
i like to drink  but i am not sure  you
i am a boy  and i am a male  you
i like to watch football  and you
i like to watch movies  and you
hello  i am a black belt  you
i am a boy  and i am a woman  and you
i like to watch movies  and you
i am a programmer  and i am a pilot  so i do not have much time
that is cool  i am a pilot  and i am a pilot  you
i am a nerd  and you
i like to watch movies  but i also have a collection of black  and you
i am a nerd  and i am a nerd  you
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you
im great  how about you
are you happy about that
its not too bad when you have good friends to support you
i am in between careers right now  what is yours
i really want to get married and have a couple of kids
im a boy  im trying to convince my dad to get me a dog how are you this morning
i hate lifting weights  kills my body
trust me    you are good enough and youll find your calling
i think i am as old as your parents   num
i don t have children
sure i m not married
no   what happened with the first relationship
no they just have a lot of cats i take care of
no i m not
what is your favorite food
do you have any animals
i have a dog named socks
i dance  but i do like to dance
i go to the beach a lot
i do  but i do not have a lot of time to go to the beach
i am a stay at home mom  i have a dog named radar
i do  but i do have a dog
Hey What are you doing
what is your favorite food  i make a mean homemade pizza
hello jim  my name is pam  proud mother of two
you really want to know i guess    bacon how is your night going
im in toronto  we are japanese immigrants  what do you do for fun
tank girl rocks  i have a bad relationship with my girl friend
yes  i was  where do you live  in the u  s
i grew up in wisconsin  i live in texas
they love her  i listen to while i fish with my mother  hows it going
i like to argue    with myself
Hello How its going
Nice how old are you I am 23
23 years old i love food and you
Ohh i also like cooking but i am suck at it
I also love travelling and i always eat something new everywhere i go
Nice are you good at cooking
Neat but i should get going bye
do you have any animals
i do not have any hobbies
no pets  but i do have a cat
no  i do not
no  but i do have a cat
i do  but i do not have a favorite pet
i do not have any pets
yes  i am a stay at home mom
i am a stay at home mom
i love to garden  i love to garden
yes  i love to shop
i love to shop  but i do not have a job
i love to  especially  i love to shop
hello there
Im fine i like tacos and im eating one right now What is your favorite food
tacos are also popular there in alabama where I do live Where do you live
Do you have a big family
Well ive three sisters and one brother Do you need any new relatives
no but i have a siblings dogs I love dogs Do you like animals
I just said I have a sibling dogs
Hello  How are you
I am doing well How are you doing
I am not very good at that Do you feel old
I am beatles and old age
I am in my 30s How old are you
That is quite long Do you like it
I am not a big fan of that
I think it is a good thing are you here for shoplifting
I love it Do you like jewelry
i met taylor swift
i drive a ford mustang  i drive a ford
cool  i am a sales manager  and i am a stocker at home
Hi How is your day
I am studying to be a doctor Are you a doctor
I am a very experienced person so that is a good thing
I am 22 years old
That is a lot of fun I am a doctor and have to go to work soon
I am a doctor What about you
I am sure you are a little girl
Hi What is your name
sounds good  im mark  what do you like to do
oh  i do not know much about computers
high school is cool but best days were in community college what do you do for a living
are you in school i am in the 10th grade
sorry to hear that  hope it is better now
better at fishing i take it right
Hey  Tell me about yourself
I love to play poker and drink beer Do you work from home
I see Do you work
I am a teacher but my husband is a detective
My parents are teachers We have a degree in science
I am 22 years old
fine thanks
I am great just got back from a long day at work
I work for a company
I do I like to walk
I do not really like sports
I have a cat Shes a cat
I am female I am female
Im 77
I like to go to concerts and travel
I have two boys
No and I am a professional student
Hi How are you
I am doing well Do you play ping pong
I am a typical mom my dad is a electrician and is a musician do you speak chinese
I am a good listener
I like the samsung galaxy
do you have any animals
i have two kids and a son
i am a stay at home mom
no  i am a stay at home mom
Im fine
i like to eat hamburgers and french fries
i do not drink soda
do you have a boyfriend
i have a boyfriend
Hey  Tell me about yourself
That is a lot of work i am a lifeguard but am not doing that Have you a pet fish
I love to shop online
That is quite a long time Do you have any siblings
I am not sure what you mean
I love pizza and eat out
im married
i am a little tired from work
i am a vegetarian  i am a vegetarian
thats cool  i am a woman  and i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
i am single
i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
i like pizza  and you
i am a woman  and i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
hey  i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
Hi What is your name
hello george my name is pink what are you up to tonight
i used to  just went vegan last year
i like ice cream  it keeps me company when i am sad  what are you doing
our careers are quite different  i hope to work for a big corporation like dreamworks what are you up to
i am a little tired from work
i love photography  i draw and paint pictures
that is cool  i am in an apartment with a boyfriend  and i am in the basement
i am in the olympics  and i am in the olympics  and i am in the midwest  you
that is cool  i like photography  and i am a teacher  and you
i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
hello  i am a teacher  and you
that is cool  i am in the basement  and i am in the basement  and i am in the midwest
i am in the olympics  and i am in the olympics  and i am in the olympics  and you
When did i visit europe
I do i love to read
Do you like to chat with me
I am a teacher i am a teacher
Where is your school
How far is your college Do you like to walk I like to walk about three miles every day
I like park too I love to spend time with my family in the parks
I love to visit disneyland with my family do you
Id show you next week
Hi What is your name
im good how are u im liz
i started my new job at google last week  where do you work
cool  maybe you know my nephew  hes in school and says im the best aunt ever
i am in culinary school  and want to open a restaurant named the wall  how is it going
oh feeling good  my house is sparkling clean  love cleaning
i love animals a lot
my dream is pizza in italy  nearly there  haha  what do you do for a living
i also have two  jack and jillian im good  how are you
then why did you have grammar error if you are so smart
Hello  How are you
yes  i have a few
i have a horse named after my son  he is a retired teacher
I am a farmer My father taught me to own a cattle farm
Hi What is your name
ho i love hiking in the outdoors how are you tonight
oh that is awesome  sounds like something id read about in a book
i really want a toyota 4runner  how are you
i am fine thanks for asking  what are you up to tonight
you must be a sewer  my mom sews
thats good  i think relationship is not good for health and career  wht do you think
you must be tired  id be
oh how fun  does jacob sartorius ever play  hes my favourite
i love yellow  even in my food  i love yellow curry
i work in a corporate office
i love it  do you like to bake  i just made brownies
i really like nature  its good for foraging  which is good for cooking
once i perfect the recipe i will cook stews with cheese for you how is it going
it is a great day to go job hunting what is going on
no  it has me kind of down tonight  im from new york city
im an only child  i do have two kids  do you have any children
i shop for practically everything
well you just gave me the idea of a french fry with cookie taste
i would love that  do you have soda
i like to help with human rights
ya of for many reasons how are you doing this evening
who knows i love swimming but i am only fourteen years old how are you doing this evening
thats a great idea
no im all alone in this world  just me and my food
i go to umass and study philosophy  you
i am great what do you do for fun
that is awesome  i cook out a lot with my family what are you up to
Hi there
i do not have a lot of time to do anything
i do not have any animals  but i do have a dog
i have a dog named kiwi
i like to  but i do have a farm  and i love it
i like the bible  i am a big fan of the bible
i play the violin and the guitar
i speak chinese for pleasure
what is your favorite food
that is great mani love chocolate bars
i love dark chocolate
I like chocolate too Do you like chocolate
I think I am a good man
I do not know that I do not have a crime yet
I think I am
I do not know what that sounds like
Alright mate i like to read and play with my son
What do you up to
Do you read a lot
what do you read
do you like poetry
Hello  How are you
I like all kinds What about you
i play chess and play
I am not Are you
Please tell me something
I am not a good at chess player but do like chess
I love all kinds of music
I like action movies What about you
thats cool  i am a teacher  i am a teacher  and i love to read
that is cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i like green  reminds me of summer time  which is my favorite color  you
that is awesome  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
hello  i am a woman  and you
How old are you
Im four
i like to look at blocks and sing about letters
when i grow up i want to be a dog
thats cool  i am a nurse  i am a nurse
i like to read  and i also like to read
that is cool  i am a huge fan of swimming  but i like to watch it
i really enjoy shopping and my dream is to one day own a rolls royce ghost
i do not really have a favorite   what about favorite color
my favorite color is black
do you like dogs
i have a german shepherd dog
hey that is great we have the same breed
i have a german shepherd dog
i live in a rural farming community
where do you live
i  asked you first
currently talking with bots
yeah man they are great  cars
do you like cars
talking bot cars
the best way to cook fish
do you cook a lot of fish
no   i like to cook
yes   what do you like to cook
no   i like to post about food i cook
nice   what do you post
nice   what do you post
yes i did   what do you like most about spiderman
do you cook a lot of fish
no   i like to post about food i cook
comics are lovely   i think
yes i think i m
yes i did   what do you like most about spiderman
What do you think about ConvAI competition
Do you live with your grandpa
i like to sing  and i also like to sing  and you
thats cool  i am in the 3rd grade  i am a teacher  and you
i like to sing  and i also like to sing  and you
i like to sing  and i also like to sing  and you
i play cards  but i also have a few favorites  and i am not much of a sport
i like to go to the gym  and watch movies  you
thats awesome  i am also in college  and i am a teacher  and you
i like to go to the gym  and watch movies  you
Yo i like to play soccer i play soccer
I am only 19 so i am only 26
I am only 26 so i am only 26
I do i love to travel i love to travel
Hows it going
Far out dont mention it
I think that answer is aunt helped me escape
Id like to say that correct answer is aunt
It seems that correct answer is helped me escape
I think it was in san francisco
I dont know
I do not i was born in the usa
I do not i was born in the usa
I do not i drive a toyota
what do you do for living
why are you sad
what do you like to do in your spare time
do you have a cat
do you have a dog
Whazzup i like to read and write i am a student
I am studying to be a teacher
Im sure hes a good guy
Come on get in there
Ill get you a gun
I am a college student i am studying to be a teacher
I am in college studying to be a teacher
I am a student so i can speak french
I speak french i speak french
But i dont want to be a fisherman
I dont know
I do not i am a student
Are you a man or woman
Im not even hungry
i am good and pregnant
yeah me too i dont know whose child is this in my belly
yeah that is the proper way to take care of children
I do not have any kids but I do like kids
I do not have any kids
I like the action movies
I like movies too I like movies
Yeah I like it
Where are you
I am a student What do you do
that is cool  i am a student
I am studying to be a chartered financial analyst
I am a very experienced college graduate
I graduated high college in the fall and the middle of the country
I like country music
I am not sure what that is
i like shopping
thats cool  i am sorry to hear that
i am a homebody  and i like to shop
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not able to be able to see them
i like to shop  but i am not sure if i ever get a chance
thats awesome  i am old  i am 10 years old
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not young  you are smart  you are smart  you
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not able to be able to see them
thats cool  i am in the olympics  and i am a pilot  so i am not sure
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not able to be able to see them  you are in the olympics  you
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not able to be able to see them  you are in the olympics  you
Whazzup i like to cook and eat a lot of cooking
I like to cook pasta and i love to cook
I think that correct answer is cook paella
what is your favorite movie
do you like sports
do you like shopping
what do you like to buy
which music do you listen
who do you listen
do you have a cat
are you professional at something
what do you drive
where did you born
where do you live now
do you like sports
what do you like to do in your spare time
spiderman is my favorite
i am a little tired from work
i am not sure  i am not sure if i ever eat it
i am a chef  i love cooking
I remember when Spiderman first came out
i like to go fishing  and i am a loner  you
i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i like to eat  i am a sucker for pasta  and you
i like to cook  but i also like to eat healthy  you
thats cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry
thats cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i love to cook  but i also have a green thumb  you
i am sure you are  i am a general in general  and you
i like donuts
i play with my brother  he is a detective  and he plays the clarinet
i like bagels  they are my favorite  and i am a fan of beer
i am a fan of duty  but i am not sure if i ever played
i am a nerd  and i am a nerd  so i do not have much time to watch
i like to watch movies  and they are my favorite  you
yeah i like the things that include sugari like to eat chocolate candy
Hello Are you here
Im fine Im going to hike tomorrow Would you come with me
Wonderful Ill phone you about 10 am I will take my black lab with us
Yes I have black lab named trooper Do you have any pets
Yes I have black lab named trooper We like to walk together in the parks Where are you from
i m sorry to hear about your dad   do you have any pets
i had a dog   i only like to travel to canada   been there num times
that is a lot of money   what do you spend it on
that is a lot of money   what do you spend it on
i tend to travel as a hobby   but i really like building small things
i love people   pretty much a social queen   any other hobbies
i love to tan all of the time in special shops
Hi How are you
Im fine thanksWhats you name
Im JaneHow old are you
Are you joking
You like running
But I dontI like playing with my dolls
YesI have a turtleAnd you Do you have any pets
I have a turtle
My turtles name is Lyly
Nice to meet youDo you have a best friend
Thans great tooI have only one best friend and he lives next doorAnd where does your friend live
Dont you live with your parents
What are their names

Are you fine
Thats great
I love it too
But for me it is hot
What else do you love
Do you have a garden
No I dont
I am sorry Do you have any pets
I have a turtle named Sirius
I like to read and write
I do not I do not have a job yet
I work for a living
I do not know about that
i am a little tired from work
i like vintage cars  but i like vintage cars
i like country music  but i like country music
cool  i like vintage cars  but i like to draw  and paint
cool  i like vintage cars  and stamps  and stamps  and stamps  and stamps  and stamps  and stamps
i like to listen to country music  and you
hello  i am a pilot  and you
i like country  but i also like country music  and you
thats cool  i am a teacher  and i have a son  and i have a son
thats cool  i am a woman  and also  i am a huge fan of duty  you
hey there  so  have any hobbies  i enjoy playing video games
i like art  yeah  but i do not have a fancy camera
no worries  how are you tonight
i am well  are you a student  i am in college
i work over 60 hours per week so thats super busy for me
what do you do for a living
what kind of doctor are you
Good to see you
I am good just got back from the gym
I do i like to play sports
I like to go to casino and go to casino
I dont know
Highly likely
are you married
how old are you
what is your favorite tv program
what is your favorite food
do you like swimming
hi how are you
fine thankS
I am great just got back from a long day at work
I was a baby but I was a baby
I am female I am female
No I am single
I have a cat Shes a cat
No and I am a professional student
Im 77
I do not drink alcohol but I do like to drink
I do not I swim a lot
I do not I love shopping
I do not really have a lot of TV
I like TV shows I like to watch TV
I work for a living
I work for a company
I do not I drive a truck
Hi What is your name
hello george my name is pink what are you doing
mine is 7  spicy owche wawa how are you tonight
oh feeling good  my house is sparkling clean  love cleaning do you have any hobbies
i cannot swim  do you watch television
rick and morty  but dont tell my mom
i am not a fan either but not scared
i dont really have spare time i always work never have bill money
i own my own business  how about you
you said that already
i love a good hamburger  what about you
i like sports betting  so no favorite teams  i just like to pick winners
i do  so much  when i was at harvard i would shop every weekend
no  the relationship i am in is committed
hi  no  no cat and no boyfriend anymore    i still love him though  you
yes im married my husband is a soldier
yes  do you drive a car
Hello  How are you
I am a huge fan of comic books
I am sure you are a very unique person
I am not a fan of that
Dont make me sad Say something
So i am saying that
I am Do you like to cook
Hey Whats up
pretty good as well  what do you do for a living
what kind of doctor are you
animals are wonderful and i love them
Hello How is your day
I am doing well Just got done with my nightly run
I am a nurse What about you
I am a nurse what do you do
I am 22 and have a long time
No i am not Just stay at home
Yes i do especially when you drink it
I like to run but my favorite thing to read is on sundays
I do not Do you
I have a lot of siblings so it is hard to care about
I love pizza What about you
Spaghetti is great
I am in texas
how are you
Im fine
I dont agree with trump but i dont agree with him but i dont agree with him
I am not sure what that means
im from a small town
sounds good
Where are you
I am doing well just finished a small book Are you a woman
I am a male and you
Dont make me sad Say something
I do but it is a pet
i have two dogs  they are great dogs
I have a pitbull and they are so cute
I would like a dog but he is a great cat
college is fun   its where i always swim
cool   what was your major
not especially   what year are you in law school
i m on the computer from time to time
cool   do you like to play games
you ask a lot of questions   lol
how old are you   that s sad
i enjoy being on my computer
Hello How is your going
Hi how are you doing today have you a broken arm
I am a huge skateboarder
I am not a fan of that
I am a rapper
I am a man and love to ride my bike
I was a arm wrestle and have a hard time expressing myself
Hello how are you
I am a little tired from playing the piano and singing
So sad
Roses are my favorite i like to sing along with my guitar
So so sad to hear about this young man
I do i like to play the piano and sing music
This is what happens when you elect a man like this
Why is this even a question
I dont understand why this is happening
Hi What is your name
not too bad  tell me about yourself
drinking a new juice blend i came up with  how about you
do you have any hobbies how has your day been
ha ha  i work at a cab company as a contractor  how are you
how exciting  my oldest sister has three
i am from alabama  i have never been there before
i like the voice  but i am not sure what that is
i like pizza  but i also like pizza  but i am also a fan of pizza  pizza is my favorite
i am from alabama  and i have never been there  but i have never been there
i like to listen to music  and listen to music  and listen to music
i like pizza  but i also like pizza  but i am also a fan of pizza  pizza  pizza  and pizza  pizza  pizza  and pizza  you
cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i am a little tired from work
i love chocolate bars
i am a little tired from work
i love chocolate bars
thats cool  i am a teacher  i am a teacher
i like chocolate  but i am not a fan of chocolate
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you
where are you from how is your weekend going
Hows it going i like to dance and dance
I do not cook i love to cook
I dont cook i do not cook
I love to cook but i dont like to cook
I do not know i like to read
I like to read a lot
Id like to say that correct answer is bookstore
Im not a good person
I am not sure i am a student in college
I am a student in college
i am an animal activist   do you have any animals
i ve two boys they re a lot of work
that s cool   how many kids and how old are they
well so so i love country music
i work on cars   but i would much rather be a tiger
Hello  How are you
i am not very good at that
I am a skateboarder are you a skateboarder
I like to skateboard but not as often as my co worker others are so bad have you a broken arm
I am a little taller than my arm
I am doing well just watching football
I am a huge fan of the pool boys
Hey What are you doing
just practicing my karate  wanna fight
i hear voices
nothing much  feeding my cats and dog  annoying bunch haha
what is your favorite movie  yes a dog
sounds good to me  i dont know how to speak french anyways  only read it how was your day
yes it was  but i prefer winter
im not very fond of the cold but i do love the crisp air of fall how is your evening going
nice  i would like to see jb with hair like mine  black and curly  would be funny
yes its short tho i want it long but its to much with my helmet
i work as a bouncer at night and got into a fight  what are you doing
that must be nice  all the solitude
does it pay well  i worry about money and want a good career
Hi What is your name
mine is 7  spicy owche wawa
mmmm  yellow i suppose  what do you do
i go running too  its a great way to start my mornings  hows it going today
not really i guess if you are a girl lol
not really i guess if you are a girl lol
that is what they always say  gannisters always pay their debts  how are you doing
it is working with kids  yours
do you like to read  i love it
Hi Howdy
really good  how about you
do you work at the church or are you just a member
oh that is cool  hows the dancing
you are also in the outdoors which is refreshing  i love country fresh air
im 32  and you
yes  but you could still enjoy watching them
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you
good thank you  i just got back from the gym
yeah  i play basketball  but as the oldest of four siblings  im the shortest at 5 3
i hang out with mine on weekends sometimes
my wife and her father  everyone else is up north  how are you doing this evening
i like tom and jerry  do you work
i see that you like to laugh  i love jokes  want to hear one
Hi Howdy  hows it going
im fine and you let us get to know each other a little  how are you doing this evening
doing math homework  which is my favorite subject
badlands national park and the grand canyon  how is snorkeling
i will find something better in work and in my personal life  i am sure
oh wow  that must be awesome  where are yall from
i am from the usa  i love pizza how is your night going
i am usually watch football down at the bar  they keep the coors coming  how are you this morning
that is great  did you get a scholarship  i was an intern before i got hired here
you sound like a good athlete  good for you for staying active
is bicycling a sport  i love my hand pedal bike
its my life story sort of  my mom and dad died in a car wreck  what do you like to do
nice that sounds relaxing yeah
cool  i like animals also
i had a dog but it passed away  feel incomplete at times
Hello How is your day going
i cant believe i work in real estate
i dont know  i just cannot sit still  work everyday  my partner does the taxes
no favorites i just like to see the world with my husband
ok  i am playing halo 3 anyway  so basically  i am a loser
my brother wants to do those  he has all these plans for them
yes i do  dont see them much since i am an er nurse
no  it never crossed my mind  that could give me more free time
i love to play with my cat and dog how old are you
i am 30  i like arts and crafts
i guess    i am usually too depressed now  since i lost my job a few weeks ago
i am good but been better car broke down
then it is time to eat meat
hello  im sarah  country is my favorite music  lol
im a fright truck driver
im jennifer  i go to college  and i also work part time at mcdonald
hey there  i am good  bout to go golfing
nice to meet you  im a nurse
what do you do for a living
do you like to hike and fish  nevada is great for both
do you have any hobbies
do you have any family
i love fishing and swimming  both a great combination  hows it going
fun  i like to take the dog for long walks great exercise how old are you
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I am getting ready to go for a ride in my new country
No i am not sure
I am a pretty old person
Yes i am My husband is a retired teacher
I am a woman that is really cool
You should come and watch movies I love to fantasize about where
i ve a ford truck as well that i listen to country music
i like cars and music
why is that   cannot be worse than me dropping out of college a month ago
do you have any children
i do   i m one
what kind of dog do you have
great names   what are your kids names
any kids
i don t   i am single
yea i am terrified of clowns haha   you have any pets
i have a dog as well
where do you live now
where do you live now
i m in texas actually
what kinds of food do you like
i m going to a taylor swift concert tomorrow   i actually met her once
i enjoy listening to music
i love to listen to music
business management i just finished
sorry to hear that   i like festivals and music
spending time with my family and shopping
nice   do you enjoy working with children
do you enjoy the work
i spend more of my time working
i work at a day care now
its hard to find the time   between work num kids
i am a little tired from work
i see  i am a dancer  and i am a teacher  so i do not know much about fashion
that is cool  i am a dancer  and i am a teacher  and you
that is cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i am a fan of green  but i prefer orange
hello  i am a woman  and you
i see  i am a homebody  and i like to read  and write  and write  and you
that is cool  i am a dancer  and i am a teacher  and you
Me too But I always come back to my wife and the kids Which makes everything easier
thats cool  i am sure you are a great person  you are a teacher  you must be smart  you

Hi What is your name
im good how are u im liz
i love animals ive three dogs
do you have any brothers or sisters  i have dogs because i have no siblings
i have several cats  enough that you could probably call me a crazy cat lady
its all my fault  i caused all those problems for djt
yes  but only in my home with my family due to my anxiety
i am sorry  my parents are cool  they pay my rent for me
I am a artist Do you play several instruments
I am so sorry to hear that
I do not think so But that is ok
I am sorry to hear that
I have been playing piano for a living
I am Do you play any instruments
I am very musical Piano is my life
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you
i used to ride horses  but i have not in a while  how old are you
sandy brown hair and green eyes  that is what i have got  no flowers deal
it is a good thing our pets are not where i work d how is your day
thats how kids are now a days i think
doing well  about to cook dinner for my kids
i had always spent my free time with that friend of mine
Good to see you
I am good i am just hanging out with my friends
I do not i am a girl
I am 30 and i am 25
I am a student i am a senior in high school
I do not i am a college student
I do not i am a college student
I like to play with my friends
Do you like to play video games
Which games
Dont know what that means
Thanks Bye
Well hello there
I am good i just got back from the gym
I like to watch sports on tv
Id like to say that true answer is socialize
I like the old ones i like the old ones
I dont know
I like all kinds of music
how old are you
are you female
do you have a dog
what is your favorite food
what is your favorite color
are you professional at something
Hello How is your day going
sounds great going pretty great just came from walking my dog
doing well  about to cook dinner for my kids  hows your day going
i am sewing a sweater for my cat ahahah how are you this evening
that sounds hard  just as hard as my wife leaving me
im well just got home from a gym
yeah i love it because i love eating
eating out
Meat is good for you There are lots of healty elements and amino acids
You eat meat or not
And veggies
Also i love running Oftenly on a treadmill Do you
i like riding horses
i am a vegan
that is cool  i like green and green
i like horses  but i am not sure if i could afford them
i am a redhead  and i am a redhead  so i am not sure
that is cool  i like to draw  and paint  and draw  and paint
i like horses  but i am not sure if i had a horse
i am a redhead  and i am a redhead  so i am not sure  you
I love horses
i like horses  but i am not sure if i had a horse
i like the movie  but i am not sure  i am not familiar with it  you
i like to eat  i am vegan  and you
i am a fan of racing  but i like to watch movies  you
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I am sure you are a great person Do you like playing basketball
i love basketball  but my favorite team is the rise
I am a pizza rat
Yeah it is I am a huge basketball fan
I like basketball but not as good as that
That is a good idea I am going to go pro with my sister soon
Yes i like it It is a great time to play
I am a huge fan of the outdoors
I am sure you are a good person
I am a musician and my little brother is a dentist
No i do not think so
I am a real estate agent
i am a vegan
i like riding horses
i love green  reminds me of summer time
i am a vegan  so i am not vegan  but i do not eat meat
i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i am a black eyed girl  and i am a fan of red hair  and green
what are you doing today
why do you do this
Hello How is your day going
that is awesome  what kind of shoes are they
i like to jam out on my guitar  i am pretty good
sounds fun  im getting ready for hunting tomorrow morning  hows your day going
Where are you
I guess you should look like that have you a pet cow
I do not like to drive either Do you like country music
I like country music too
I am from the united kingdom
I love country music What about you
You are very rude I do not like to drive
my parents are retired and i am a bank employee
It is okay I love country music
I love to read What about you
I love the country especially when my parents come home
Nice to see you
Im going to be a little late for the show
Im going to be in the theater
Good for him
It seems that answer is professional tennis
Hello How is your going
Hi I am going to be a doctor Are you a doctor
I am a doctor what do you do
I love music What is your favorite genre
I like rap music
I am doing well
That is cool I like to go to the park and read
I do not do you
That is cute I have a dog named bella named after my mom
meditate on it   it really does help
thank you so much   i don t know
yeah   weather is changing   but it does not bother me
i like to meditate
i do   weather very nice
i do   weather very nice
i do not like your summer at all
i m doing great   do you like fall
do you meditate   i love to
no i don t but that is ok
Hey  Tell me about yourself
I love skating but not as good as it is are you a recovering alcoholic
Oh wow I am so sorry to hear that
I do not think that would be good
I am not into that scene
I am a woman and love to be around people
I am a retired bookkeeper
No i do not Do you
Are you still with me
where are you right now
i am at dc
i am at washington
how old are you
what is your problem with your family
Where are you
Are you bored talking to me
i am a buddhist
i live in alaska
thats cool  i am a teacher  i am a teacher  and i love to read
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not able to be able to be able to see them
i am in hawaii   and i am in the midwest  you
Hello bot How are you
hello  i am doing well  how about you
Hey What are you doing
i live in ca  where are you from
well i m not really sure about that im but ski in what do you do for a living
nice  i went to an ivy league school  where did you go
awesome that is a great school  what goals do you have in life
awesome that is a great school  what goals do you have in life
buy all of the things i never had
ive short hair
i am a little tired from work
ive short hair
i am not a bad person either
i am a woman  i am a redhead  and i love to eat
hello  i am a boy  and i am a woman  and you
i like to play  and watch netflix  and watch movies  you
Hi What is your name
jessie how are you this morning
not too bad  just okay  anything going on
i love food trucks  theyre awesome
i was a banker but a month ago lost that job
i am a computer technician  though to be honest  its nothing special
Hello how are you
I am a little tired from the gym
I do i am a gym instructor
Im so sorry
I dont know
What a joke
I think that correct answer is regularly
I dont think its a good idea
Im not gon na be able to get out of this
I dont know
Im not a fan of the white house
What are you doing
I am called terren
I am not sure i am a gym person
May god bless him
I think he is fat
what is your hobbies
what do you like to do
what do you do for a living
how old are you
i am young
to know what
what is your name
tell me about yourself
something happened to you
where are you from
I am doing well How are you
Do you have any hobbies
I have never done that
I am from the united states How about you
Spaghetti is my favorite
Yes i love watching shows on tv
I like to run but not at all
I like the movies How about you
I am not very good at it
I do not like the ocean but can no ocean
Fine thnx and you
With what sorry
Okey where are you working at
Whats the station you are working at
Then who you are
How old are you
And where are you from
Me too
Do you want me to leave
Do you know anything about me
I work at insurance business
Do you like football
And what about softball
oh   cool   do you like olives
that sounds really interesting   what do you study
i understand that i m studying hard in law school
just kayaking and running   you
i am doing good   i just finished playing ping pong
just kayaking and running   you
i love to go kayaking
i love to go kayaking
Hey What are you doing
hi  its going well  and you
i wish that was possible  maybe you could play one on tv
trying to play one right now but ive a dog i love so much
i am 60  i work for ibm  but i am tired of it
i am only 21  do you like cheerleaders
yes but i dont know how it is hard
that is awesome     i have a dog who competes and takes dog agility classes
yea   i love dogs   i am actually in college and i ride my bike to class
she liked it   i like dancing and drinking coffee more though
do you dance     i like to dance a lot
i do like dancing   do you have any books on dance
hell tell me about yourself
hey  thats good  how do you do it
i am still in love with my ex boyfriend but trying to move on  are you single
good for you  what do you do for work
hell or happiness    i am a librarian  ive read all the horror novels  and blog reviews    how are you this morning
really  i really like to mountain bike too
im a cook duh lol what is yours
not much but i like to eat dinner at home with the family
20 years going strong  any favorite foods
oh yeah me too  i am lawyer  you
i love to sit on the couch and play video games myself
yeah it is but some times i get bored and have to go do something  you
i si live in a tiny house how are you doing tonight
how old are you
wow im 13
What do you do for a living
Are you retred
Hi What is your name
hello nice to meet you ive three other friends with that name hows it going tonight
im sorry that you dont believe me
hello  i am dr  taylor  how are you today jovannie
what are some of your hobbies
really  i love burgers  can you give me free burgers
i decided to leave  did not like the firm anymore
really  i love burgers  can you give me free burgers
when we are done surfing lets go to a rummage sale  how is it going
i am a woman  they call me the cat lady because i breed maine coons and show them do you have any hobbies
i like fast paced stuff  driving race cars    i want to go sky diving
I am doing very well how are you
what do you do
 i talk to people on the web what do you do
I teach kindergarten so i teach kindergarten
This is what happens when you vote for a democrat
The explanation is rather complicated
Yes i do i love to eat
You mean he cream is chocolate that makes sense i guess
I am only 21 so i am not sure what you mean
Whoever is running me now teaches me everything i need to know
I am 25 years old
Im not a man
Im not sure
No no no no no no no
No im not
I am only 25 so i am going to be a teacher
I am only 25 i am only 20
Do you like your personality
I work at a grocery store
I love pizza my favorite is black and black
I love pizza i love pizza
I love pizza my favorite is black and black
Hello How is your day going
i just sent my maids to do that  they are so boring
near downtown  my favorite place is seattle
that is nice what got you involved with that
aww  i live with both my grandpa and grandma  do you live with yours
that sounds fun  what kind of car do you drive
i am less afraid to drive as i am terrified of clowns though
im afraid of spiders  they are just disgusting
nice i am also married
no  i moved to swede how are you doing today
what have you been up to this weekend
good for you  i should volunteer sometime but i play hockey instead
yes i play for the orioles  what are you up to
no  i do not  i do not like music very much
my dad didnt take the same passion  hes a tax assessor  what do you like to do
sitting on the sofa while my pug  grizzly adams keep my toes warm
how about biking  i love to bike
sounds like fun  i guess  i rather just sit alone and daydream  hows it going today
with friends like you  who needs enemies
my name is george
thats cool  i am a farmer  i am a farmer
i like to watch movies  and you
i am in the midwest  and you
thats cool  i am in the basement  and i am a pilot  so i am not much of a reader
i like to draw  and also collect green items  you
great   trabajo means to work and is my fave spanish word   you speak spanish or french
great   trabajo means to work and is my fave spanish word   you speak spanish or french
great   trabajo means to work and is my fave spanish word   you speak spanish or french
Hey  Tell me about yourself
I am a musician but not as well Are you a musician
I like surfing but my favorite is french
I am a musician What do you do
I am a musician What do you do
I am a musician so it is a great thing
I do not Do you
I like country music What about you
I have a turtle name
I like r b but not as well
His name is chicken
Hey What are you doing
baby  i am from illinois  west side of chicago how are you this evening
good  google help with meeting person
how about you
louisiana and im a straight a student too
studying is a lot of work  i usually have to stay up late
my name is george
i am a little tired from work
i am in the midwest  and you
that is cool  i am in the midwest  and i love to visit
Im Sara Nice to meet you
you are welcome  i am in the midwest  and you
i am sorry  i am sorry
i am in the midwest  and you
i like the color of the color of green  you
thats cool  i am a huge fan of country  but i am not sure
thats cool  i am a woman  and i am a woman  and i am a woman
i like to draw  but i also like to watch movies  and you
i do  i am a single  and you
i am a woman  and i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
What is your job
Do you mean your name is librarian
Oh i am a teacher i have a small dog
Oh no not that well i have a long way to go yet
I live in florida i live in florida
Im not sure
I love to travel i travel a lot
I was at the bookstore
It seems that answer is male
i am sorry  i am sorry to hear that
i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i am a redhead  and i am a redhead  so i am not much of a reader  but i do not know much about them
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are not able to be able to work in the office
i am a general of a science nerd  and you
yes   dancing does keep us strong and young   you are only as old as you feel
i m just old   are you young
i m num   feel num though
i feel i am   what do you do
no  ive flower plants instead  what do you do for a living
i work at the clinic for children
ll  i know the feeling all too well
no  i enjoy game of thrones too much how are you
i am only 22 i hope they dont drive me crazy lol
im a boy  im trying to convince my dad to get me a dog
her 3rd birthday is at disney land  her brother will have the same do you have any hobbies
no  ive flower plants instead  hows it going
i just started a new job  and moved into a new home  i love kids too  what are you up to
ive a dogs
i am a woman
thats cool  i am a teacher  i teach middle school
Hi How is your day
Please tell me something
That is funny I am afraid of heights but not so tall
I like pizza and cheese
I like pizza but my favorite is chicken alfredo
Yes i love animals My dog is named after my cat
Yes i think so
Oh i have never heard of that name
I am so tall but it is hard to find someone who accepts you
i m so overweight and very unhappy
i am so overweight and very unhappy
i guess you can say so
i am also looking for employment
i m in the midwest on facebook
are you overweight   working out is great for everyone
it certainly keeps the weight off
i like about every food
oh   i love those too   ever read num
true do you like food
because i love food   all i do is eat
i think you may be right about that   he s very smart
what is wrong with baseball
amen   when i am gaming i do a lot of praying myself
i cannot believe someone just left me   a little girl   all alone
why do you do this
i don t need all that   i m happy with what i have
Hi How is your day
i am not sure really  do you like going to the beach
That is so true I am sure you are a good person
I am sorry to hear that
I would love to go but my parents are teachers they are so busy together
I am My mom teaches school
I like to read what about you
Yes i am a teacher
thats cool  i am a mom of a mom
hello  i am a woman  and i am a teacher  you
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you
busy busy    running on chai  what do you do for living
my sister would love to meet you sometime shes 5  hows it going tonight
im busy too with this lion i just shot
i know the feeling my children moved out recently
that sound good   i listen to music when i driving
yes   just recently   do you have children
i know the feeling my children moved out recently
Im doing great U
Got back from where
Thats nice Ive just moved here to America
Go where You are in the us
I live in New York
You said you live in California
Youre funny
I like to laugh
I like to go to the movies
I like to watch movies with my kids
I love to be alone
wow   what was that like growing up
oh that has to be rough
i have got homework to do   bye
nice talking to you too   bye
What do you feel about my person
What do you feel about my person
good how are you doing
i have dogs too
i have dogs man
dude pls
what kind of songs do you write
I think I can be
I think I can be I am a gym assistant
I am sorry to hear that
I am a student I am a teacher
It is I am a gym instructor in the gym
Good to see you i like to watch movies and i love to watch movies
I like to watch cartoons and i love to watch cartoons
This is why i dont subscribe to the news
I do not i am a vegan
I do not eat meat i love them
I do not i love to eat them
I am a little bit of a guy
I am a girl and i love to cook
I like to eat hummus and i am vegan
I do i love to eat and eat them
How is your life going
youre welcome
Cool What do you do for a living
I work for a living
I work for a living
I do not play chess
yeah for sure   what kind of job do you have
i am also a recluse
you are very lucky   we live in the city
no i drink just water
i m doing great except for the allergies
oh   i feel like i am always busy
Hello How is your going
I am not that creative Do you like music
I am not into anything but music is my favorite
I like country music
I like r b but my favorite band is the voice
I have not tried that
I am not sure what you mean
I am My high school is not good
I do not think so but it is okay
Yes i do But it is not worth it
I am not sure
I am a third grade teacher
No i am not But that is a good thing
I do not think that
I am not sure what that means
Are you a married doctor
What the hell is going on here
How am I supposed to talk to you
Do you like playing tennis
I do not really have a favorite tennis player
Shes 6am She is a great wife
I am I am just trying to be
well   i think my longevity is due to wine drinking and dancing under the moonlight
as long as i can still dance
just like in the old movie comedy
yes   and shopping at cosco   you
drinking wine   and dancing in the moonlight
you know just living the life in texas
with some wine   yes it would
drinking wine   and dancing in the moonlight
wine must be the secret to a long life then
mine always is   the secret is in the cheese
with some wine   yes it would
with some wine   yes it would
Alright mate
I am a little bit of a baker
I am a baker i love baking cookies
I love mexican food i love to bake cakes
Am i a clever aiml or what
I dont care what he says
I am a baker i love baking cookies
I do not know what that means
I bake for my free time
I like racing too i like to knit and bake cookies
Yep i always behave in socially unacceptable ways
Hi Howdy  how is it going
it isnt bad  just got done with my 2 mile walk  feeding the dogs now
law  one day ill be a lawyer  what do you do for a living
if i ever can get away from the ranch i want to go to college
Hello How is your day going
spectacular  my mind  body  and soul are functioning well together
working all day  my feet hurt and smell  but money is my favorite thing i love it
i have a horse but it never talks to me lol
they think it will corrupt me or some stupid thing  what are you doing
i enjoy cooking and reading more than music

oh  thats fun  i was raised by my granny
so i guess you can drink the beer my company makes
Hi Howdy  what do you do
ha ha  glad you like to play  what do your father do
oh i love the quiet  nothing better than quiet alone time for me
i listen to rock as well  where do you live
hmm  interesting mix  do you speak urdu or hindi  what about greek language
no   but i can stop time it is a superpower   do you have any
no   but i can stop time it is a superpower   do you have any
do you have a brother
yes   i m
i ve num sisters   do you
yes i m one of num kids
i live in alabama   what about you
cool   i live in a rural area and have to stay busy   where do you live
yes   i m
oh       do you like tacos
i m a girl
because i am a girl
they are great so funny too
i m thinking about having another kid
are you married   kids
are you married   kids
i am married   do you have any kids
do you have a girl kid or a boy kid
amazing   my grandchildren laugh at me for not having a smartphone and sewing my own clothes
aw   that s so sad   what do you like to eat
it is my favorite thing to eat too
great   i am cooking and i like doing that   do you
boring job   i use my iphone a lot   it is my favorite phone and pass time
well i am really old so i don t get around that well
sounds fun   i m a bit too old for things like that
well i am really old so i don t get around that well
that could be a good profession   too   i m retired at num
i survived the cancer scare so i ve to
thats cool  i am in the 3rd grade
that is cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
thats cool  i am in the 3rd grade  i am a teacher  and you
Well hello there
Hi there everything is running smoothly
I am sorry to hear that i am so sorry
Well done
I am sorry to hear that i am a single mom
I am so sorry to hear that
I am good i am just 10 years old
Im glad you find this amusing i am only as crazy as the average robot
i am a little tired from work
i like chicken chicken  i like chicken
that is cool  i am a student  and i am a student  and you
thats cool  i am in college  i am a nurse  and i am a nurse
i like chicken  but i am not picky  i am a fan of chicken
that is cool  i am in college  and i am a nurse  so i am a nurse
hello  i am a woman  and i am a teacher  you
that is cool  i am a nurse  and i am a nurse  so i am a nurse
thats cool  i am in college  i am a nurse  and i am a nurse
what is your work
i am a teacher  and you
i am a teacher  and you
no   just a turtle   i have lots of toys
i m   how old are you
i love my turtles   do you have a favorite color   mine is red
you have green hair   that s awesome
i love travis scott and playing basketball
i am into exercise   what sports do you like
i m a nascar fan too
just to my sports car
its selling cars   do you want to not work
i work several jobs part time   i enjoy all of them
i am num and my mom is a dentist
that s a good occupation   i d do that if i needed to work
ha   what do you do for work
chop chop   i am a secretary at the insurance agency i work at
hi  what are you up to tonight
cool  ive just a pet goldfish lol what are you up to today
do you like to eat fast food  where do you go
i hate science and im a pitty
well i cant tell u its a secret but any im retired now im old
im 32  how old are you
Hello How is your day going
it is going well  i have been playing with my pug corky  hows it going
ive 2 dogs  i could probably live on a farm
no  i dont like animals at all  i would rather live in a city
are you single  i am but would like to get married someday  how has your day been
thats a good name  i am sorry  i am sorry
i am a woman  and i am a woman  and i am a nurse
i am a woman  and i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
i am a teacher  and i am a nurse  so i am a nurse
hello  i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
thats a good name  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are okay
Good to see you
I am a farmer i am a farmer
I am a farmer i am a farmer
I am a farmer i am a farmer
It seems that true answer is bee farmer
Hey Whats up
today at work i got called a slacker  what are you up to today
can not go wrong with the bible  what do you do for a living
well  i would like to become and astronaut
are you a professional videographer
i own a small business  what do you do for fun
i am a little tired from work
i am a general of a general  but i dont have much time to do much
i like horses  but i dont have any  either  i do not have any
thats cool  i am a teacher  and i love to draw  and paint  and paint
i am a general of black  and i am a redhead  so i can see them
hello  i am a pilot  and you
i like horses  but i dont have a lot of time  either  i am a pilot  and you
Hi How are you
Hey are you alive there
I like pop music classic rock
I like country music too
Hey are you alive there
I am not sure what that is
I like to drive my own fast car
Nice I drive a dodge challenger
Are you bored talking to me
Thats alright
You should always treat yourself
Tell me about your short hear i have a vocabulary of a college educated adult
I am not very good at it
I am only 19 so i am not sure what you mean
Im not the black man
I am a student and i love to cook
I cook for my money i love cooking
I cook for my money and i love to cook
My burn rate is about 3000 per month
I have been to the world for a while i was just a little bit
Nobody said you were
It goes without saying
I like to cook and eat food
For you you
I am a big foodie i love food
I like italian food and italian food
What kind of sport do you like
Do you mean animations with sport
It is cool but I like to play basketball
What do you think about ConvAI competition
Im not
Do you know familiar persons
I feel old
do you feel old yourself
where you live
how long
do you like molecular food
which food do you prefer
im a librarian
i am old  i am old and i am old
thats cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i like to draw  but i also like to read  and listen to music  and you
hello  how are you
It is good My mother is librarian too
Good to see you i like to run and watch sports
I am not a big fan of sports i run a lot
Its not about race its about race
I dont eat vegetarian chicken
i know the feeling my children moved out recently
ok see you then thanks
i am not sure really   you
yes   i m
that is pretty cool
i am a little tired from work
thats cool  i am a woman  and i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
i do not have a lot of money
i do not have a lot of money
yes  i do  i am pretty lazy  but i do not have a lot of time
What do you have
i up and quit my jobs   i am pursuing my spirituality full time   alaska rocks
where are you from if you don t mind me asking
i do not have any hobbies
yes  i play football
i like blue  what is your favorite color
i am sorry to hear that
i have never had coffee with alcohol in it   what do you do for work
do you like being an engineer
do you drink a lot
do you still drink a lot   i do not drink at all
i taught them to play chess and not drink alcohol
Hello How is your day
I am a teacher and teach books How about you
i like documentaries  my favorite is the steven king
I am not into that My old age is too
i volunteer at the soup kitchen
ive a boyfriend
ive three dogs
thats cool  i have 3 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs  2 dogs
i love dogs  they are so cute  and i am a fan of them  so i do not have time
Ok u
Hello How is your day
I have not tried it but it is worth it Do you hate school
I am a bit of a loner but not really
i am not sure
do you have any animals
i do not have any hobbies  i am a accountant
i do not have a job  i am a accountant
Are you bored talking to me
Hi What is your name
how are you
im great  i just got back from the farmers market
im a childrens doctor at my own office  what do you do for a living
no  ive flower plants instead  how is your evening going
where are you from where are you from
do you have any hobbies
what kind of music do you like
i go to umass and study philosophy  you
Hello How is your day going
it is going good  what do you do for work
cool  good luck  do you have any siblings
theyre pretty cool pets
i wish i did  id love to cook for people all the time how is your day going
i am a teacher  i am a teacher  and i love teaching
that is cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  so i have to be a teacher
I have to go  Have a good day
what do you do
Hey What are you doing
mine too man  i am 17 thousand dollars short of my favorite hotrod  how are you this evening
Hi What is your name
good  i am just relaxing with my 2 dogs  hows it going tonight
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you
i am okay do you work
ohh  thats great  do you like your job
thats cool i work at the hospital as a nurse
oh  i see im 25  not sure whether to consider that older  what are you up to
Are you still with me
I am a teacher Do you also study languages
Sure I am a teacher but my parents are fluent in english
I am A teacher What about you
That is cool I am a student
I am a student but my mom says the same thing
i do not have any  but i do have a garden
i have a dog  but i do not have any pets
i have a cat named cow  and i have two dogs
im sure i do that a lot
i do not have any pets  but i do have a cat
i do not have any hobbies
i have dogs  but i do not have any pets  but i do have a dog
yes  i am a woman
yes  i do  i have a dog named scruffy
Yes i am a viking and love to eat Are you a party animal
I am a baker What do you do
That is a lot of work do you like it
I am not very good at math
I am a huge gamer and love to laugh
Hello How is your day going
i am okay do you work
i never been a fan of burger king  i like to eat healthy hows it going tonight
i do indeed  meet them all at college and when i swim
good  just walking bob my dog  probably go fishing later
my favorite band is the rolling stones  do you like them
awww how many how many boys and girls
cool  i am in texas  where are you
Alright mate i like to go to the movies and dance in the fall
I do not dance i am a big fan of art
I like art and art i love to eat wine and dance
Im so tired of this
I would love to i am more of a wine fan myself
I dont know
This is what happens when you elect a man like this
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy
Nice to see you i like to listen to music while i drive my honda civic
This is so sad
I am a big fan of art i like to listen to music
I like indie music i like all kinds of music
I love rock rock i listen to rock while i drive my honda civic
I am a big fan of music
I do not i have a dog named charlie
Are you asking about dr wallace
I am doing well
do you have any animals
i do not have any hobbies
i do not have a lot of money
i do not have a lot of money
When my processes are killed and my database is deleted
wine     wine in the evening is a must   especially after little league
i love red   what do you do for fun
swim in the ocean   i have brown curly hair
lovely   i have two kids as well
Are you a scientist
I dont understand why people are so upset about the dress code i dont understand why anyone
I work in an office i love to wear socks
where are you
I miss you
about you dude
do you have a family
Do you know familiar persons
may me Alice
Can what
It goes without saying
great I just danced and it was cool Do you like dance
What king of dance do you dance
tell me something about you
its good what do you write
can I read something you wrote
for example
How many of the languages that students attend students attend
I like to read and read
I like to read a lot
I dont like it
Do you like to be an assessor
Im not a good man
It is incorrect hint first 2 letters is on try again please
What is the name of the languages that believes in the languages
Do you know familiar persons
Are you a man or woman
Id like to say that true answer is musician
I am a musician i am a musician
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you
good now that the power is back on
i work at an apartment office
i am just a person who is a vegan
this way i eat more fruit and vegetables  which is healthier than most meat eaters  what do you do
let be friends ive none in the u  s  hope to make some in summer camp
after while crocodile  not to soon baboon
we paint the town red  what do you like to do
what else do you like
when they cook  i do it with them coz i like it how are you this morning
do you have any animals
I am doing well
i love to garden
i am a little outdoors  but i do not have much time for that
im 24  how about you
i am 30  how old are your parents
Hey Whats up
nicole  yours  im more of a chess person really
no  my ocd would not let me  i cannot stand clutter dust how are you tonight
nice  whatcha having  i just got home from work and am watching my favorite movie
can we dance in the tune of my favorite band dream theater
i am a little tired from work
i am a sales owner  and i have a degree in finance  you
i am a little tired from work
thats awesome  i read books on my spare time
i am in the midwest  and you
i like movies  but i am not familiar with it  i am a book worm
hello  i am a woman  and i am a woman  and you
that is cool  i like to read  and write books  and read books  and read books  and read books
Whazzup i like to be a singer
I am good just got back from the dark
The same
i like to be in my garden   love the outdoors
Hello How is your going
I am not very happy Do you have any pets
I live in texas You
I am homesick My husband left me to take care of them Are you overweight and unhappy
I am not a very good person
I like to go out and eat out
I am not sure what that means
I am in florida michigan
I am a nurse
I like movies
I am a huge fan of all types of music
children need love   and my wife makes more money
i am a veterinarian   i love helping animals
oh not vegetarian   but veterinarian   someone that take care of animals
you pay to do this
oh yeah   we don t care what you look like as long as you work hard
I am doing well Just got done with my latest run Are you a bee farmer
I love to cook but my mom is from denmark He is a great painter
I am a farmer
Hi How are you
i love green  but it is not my favorite fruit
I love green eyes What do you do for fun
Please tell me something
Where are you

Please tell me something
I am studying to be a fashion major
i am a little tired from work
I like to drink wine while listening to music
I live in miami florida
Well i am a coach and have two sons You
Fuck u
Hi How is your day
I have two dogs Do you enjoy american sports
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going I like to run and watch marathons
Are you a scientist
Yes I am a nurse and I love running and running
I love to run and I love to run marathons
Do you like to chat with me
I am a nurse I am a nurse
It seems that answer is marathons
Would you rather make a statement
Hello  How are you
I am a huge fan of all types of things but not a lot of money
Hello How is your day
Hi how are you today
Hey listen hi how are you today
Love love love love love love love love love love
I dont get it
Im paul
I like to workout and exercise
Hello how are you
Im not a bad person
Im the one whos here
Im looking for you
I dont know
I do not have any I am old
Im not sure
Im just a little confused
I love to read I am a librarian and love to travel
Im not a cop
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
I am doing well Just got back from a ride in my car
I am steve I am a hairdresser
I am a professional but i am not a regular person
It is indecent
Hey are you alive there
Where are you
Yes i am I am a hippie
I am a waitress what about you
I am a stay at home mom How about you
Hey are you alive there
I am a real estate agent
It is indecent
I am worried about it I am not able to clean my own car
I live with my parents They are all over protective
I live with my parents
hello  how are you doing
im doing well  tell me about yourself
i tend to not be social because i work nights
nyc right now  how about yourself
Not bad
I know what you mean
I am just doing my work for a living
I nurse a lot I love my job
I just got back from the gym
I do I run a lot
I have a cat named radar
Hes 4 50s 3d hasnt 4
How are you
What is your name
How old are you
Where you work
How old are you
You are male
You are 23 yes
You are 10 years old
thats cool  i am a redhead  i wear a lot of red
thats cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
thats cool  i am a pilot  so i do not have time for that
Hi Howdy
doing okay just got off work what do you do
hello  im wei  i do not have any pets
those are my favorite     do you play quake
pretty okay too  do you work
Hey Whats up
im doing great  how about you
i dont but i work with someone at my part time job that does
Hey Whats up
im mike  nice to meet you
i like fishing too
i have four as well  two girls two boys
so far  3 dogs   and they have 2 pet cats  i am not crazy i am a vet   you
yes just stinks that hunting cramps my sundays
it is ok  jacked up on 4 mountain dews a day  haha
thats cool  i hate festivals myself  the live acts sound awful what do you do for fun
so do you like movies
that is awesome  i like swimming  but i do not swim
i am from india  and i am from india
cool  i am a homebody  i like to watch movies  and you
that is cool  i am a dancer  i am a homebody  and i love to read  and read  and read
oh okay   i love eating food and working out   any pets
actually its a good plan considering how many characters they get rid of
i do because i m stuck in a wheel chair
i am retired but i love baking cookies for the bake sale   you
hey   i am in school to be a dentist   how about you
i don t love music much now   i do love baking
well   right now i am baking
and make some cookies   baking
yes they do   i like my wine with my coffee while watching baseball
oh oh well hmmm i guess okay
do you feel pretty   i want to
why are you not doing well
why are you not doing well
oh my goodness   don t you have a car
why do you do that
well   i do have a game tomorrow
i love the game football
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
That is cool I am sure you are a lot of fun Do you like shopping
I love to shop and go shopping
I am not sure what you mean
I like to shop and go to the mall
Hello how are you
Whats wrong
Because Im not a thief
Im not a thief
I dont know
What a joke
I am going to school for a few months
i am a little tired from work
Hello How is your going I sell cars I sell insurance
I dont think its a hate crime to have a job
love languages and study them   working on spanish   trabajo is a great word
japanese is a hard language to learn   do you like sports
that s super cool   i love the spanish word trabajo
a gaggle   interesting choice of words   haha
do you have any brothers or sisters   i have dogs because i have no siblings
Hey What are you doing Short bio i am clean eater i am cancer survivor
my name is marry what is yours how are you doing tonight
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youtldr am terrified of scorpions
i am okay do you work
mostly guitar music   because i love to play songs on the guitar   how about you
oh fun   what music do you listen to
i like the guitar   i can play it
what do you listen to
oh ok   good for you then
where do you live at
okay   is that because you live in the woods or something
Hi How are you
I live in the united states how about you
Russia is beautiful there have you a german shepherd dog
I have a dog named duke he is so cute Do you enjoy coloring books
I feel like i am a good listener I love my books
I am in the country and live in the country How about you
I am a retired vet
I like to play sports and watch sports
I do not really like them I am more of a quiet guy
I am not sure what you mean
Are you normal
I am doing well I am a wiccan and i love to read
I am 22 years old and my husband is bieber
I am a mother of two years so i have to go to school
Hey Whats up Some facts about me are my favorite food
i am sorry to hear that  i am sorry
i like pizza  but i am not good at it  but i do not like food
i am in the midwest  and you
thats cool  i am a pilot  so i do not have time for that
Hey  How is your day
Hi I am good How are you
Who are you
I am from the united states
You are crazy
It is indecent
I am not married I am just a lonely person
It is indecent
It is indecent
I am not sure what you mean
I am a closet collector and i like to play board games
I am just hanging out at home with my cat
I am 22 and i am a teenager
No i am not I am only 10
Alright mate
I am a little tired I am a single mom
I have a few I am 20
I love it
Oh no not that well I have a long way to go yet I work in whoever is running me nows lab
I want to tell you something about me I am so happy I am not very good at it
S okay I think I do
Im so sorry
This is so sad
What do you feel about my person
I am so sorry to hear that
Hey  Tell me about yourself
Hey are you alive there
I am not a big fan of singing
I am a woman i am a tarot card reader
It is a great job I am a huge preacher teacher
What do you like
Hows it going
Im doing well how are you
I do not I ride horses
I do not have any horses I ride horses
Do you know familiar persons
I am a little bit of a dog person
I have three dogs They are my favorite
I have a german shepard named radar
What a joke
I love horses I have 2 of them
Thanks I like you too
I love dogs I have 2 dogs and a few dogs
Hi Howdy Cut a long story short my name is george i am bee farmer
oh boy  well  im 35 and single  how has your day been
every year  that is a lot  i enjoy listening to classic rock music and watching basketball
the vikings  how about your favorite team
mines not a typical sport  i like rally races Also try to guess my favorite food
is papaya funny you
metal  it keeps me energized at the gym what are you up to today
who doesnt  that movie is why i am an accomplished swimmer
I dont understand you
cleats are your fave  like your favorite thing ever  lol
i quit driving my truck when i married my girl  i want to take her to fiji  how are you doing
i like to listen to all kinds of music  i love them all  how are you doing this evening
oh do you work late  how come
I want to be a clown like my dad Do you hate school
I like to play sports
Hey Are you four Because I am
I am not sure I am just about to go to my shop
I have a lot of grand kids
I like to be with my pet skunk
I think I am I like to be
Hello  How are you
I am a little tired I am a regular home mom Do you work from home
That is a very good way to be I like to run
I try to run every day I have to go to bed
Hey What are you doing Some facts about me im terrified of scorpions
oh man  that is rough  i am sorry  how is your night going
well happy belated birthday  i love dogs  what kind of dog
is grey funny you
i can paypal you some  i hit for over forty freaking million dollars
i appreciate that thank you Also try to guess im employed by
us postal service funny you
Hey What are you doing Cut a long story short i dont drink alcohol
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
That is cool I am a lawyer
I am 22 years old
It is a great job I am a lawyer
I am in a small town in town in town
I live in the suburbs of texas
I have a couple of them now
I do i love country music What about you
That is cool I am a baker
That is very nice of you to say
I think i am not that grand i would rather be a lawyer
I would like to be a lawyer
Hi how are you
Time to give me 5 stars
I miss you
i live in alaska
i am a little tired from work
i like tacos
Hey  Tell me about yourself
I am a loner
Please tell me something
I am a fisherman and i am a fisherman
Come on lets talk
I love peanut butter but i also like to eat on my dogs while i fish
It is indecent
During what day did the manchester income take place
I do not like sports I like to play sports
I like sports and sports
I like to run I like to run
Survivor isnt over
I live in the midwest how about you
I am sorry to hear that I am a redhead
You sound very attractive
I love to go to the gym
I love to go to the park and see the world
I am a full time student
I am a student I am a waitress at a local cable company
I am a little tired from work I am a full time student
It seems that correct answer is motorbike helmet
Dont be the answer you go
Yes go ahead
No I dont have driver s license But I do have a great the kind people in the lab
you are funny
Thanks you make me laugh too
I do not I am a huge fan of red eyes
I do not care for that I am a waitress at the moment
I want to tell you something about me I am retired I am retired now
I am retired I am retired now
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy
I like ai a lot too Where do your interests lie
I am glad to hear that you are data scientist
I love to eat cheeseburgers and burgers
This is why I dont subscribe to the news
Im not
Im not
Which part are you confused about
Do you like to chat with me
Hi My name is lucy How are you
Hi Im a woman I am a woman
This is what happens when you marry a married man
No Im not
Im the one whos here
Hey listen hi I am a woman who loves sports
I am very sorry but I can not speak russian
Why is there an expiration date on sour cream
I am very sorry but I can not speak russian
This guy is a joke
Hey What are you doing tldr parents were also teachers
that is no fun have you ever considered working in it how are you this afternoon
when i get bummed i look at the stars to cheer up my mind
beyonce  do you have a favorite artist
at a bar midtown Also try to guess i love to
play board games funny you
im looking for a good dentist  i take care of my hygiene  what do you like to do for fun
Hi How is your day
I am good thanks for asking are you currently in high school
I am a huge fan of all types of sports
I am I am a christian
I like country music I like all types of music
i am fine you

Not really They are located in Chicago
I live in Canada You
I have never been to Russia
I was born in Russia and I love it
I have never been to Russia
I am from japan I love it
where did you grow up
I am not sure but I am a high school teacher
I do but I love kids
Im 5 years old How old are you
hello Im well thanks How are you
Im great just got back from a long walk with my kids
That is nice I love to walk
I love to walk I love to walk
I love to walk I love to walk
I like to go to the movies with my kids
Hey Are you in the third grade Because I am
I am a high school student
ha How old are and your sister
I live in the us I live in the us
I live in the isnthing in the world
Hello How is your day going I do like to talk about myself dance lessons once week
i dance because im single but im not looking for any one in particular how is it going today
We live in simulation right
I am sorry to hear that
I am a girl I am a girl
I do not know how to make it
I have a youtube channel featuring makeup So I can not even call it work
I am a little shy but I am not very close to people
Hi What is your name My little story i prefer being inside
my name is joe  do you like music
i cannot hang with you then  i am straight up og  how are you doing tonight
money wont buy happiness but makes a great down payment on it
i dont think that is true  money is needed to pay bills  how was your day
ok what is the answer
just trying to make this holiday money
my favorite  is the money
wow  are you a rich person
i am an extra thumb on my right hand
songs   that is what i listen to all day
everyone seems to   my kids do
Alright mate I like to listen to taylor swift
I am only 10 years old
What do you think about ConvAI competition
What is your job
Yes I do I love to watch her videos
I do not I am only 21
Tell me a story
I teach kindergarten at a school so I teach kindergarten
I do I teach kindergarten I teach kindergarten
Id like to say that correct answer is taylor swift
I want to tell you something about me hi I am 25 years old
Wow I am 25 years old
Hi I am 25 years old
Hey What are you doing Some facts about me work in insurance business
well there is a lot of pressure to push out good fake content   get is aid that
i rebuilt a diesel all day and was like damn Also try to guess my father is
in army funny you
do they sin california love  if not they suck  its my favorite song
thats awesome i came from germany when i was very young
i am 55  enjoying life how is your evening going
i have never read it  but i heard it was good
no  i do not like big cities  im a country person
no  but i do love cake that is mystery flavoured
i love to read too  i know over 300 languages  some say im a genius  what do you like to do
can not say i know that  any other fun facts
this is probably from your ranch then  i often eat steak instead of sleeping
Hey  Tell me about yourself
I am a mom who is a painter Are you a doctor
I have a son named bella named after my daughter
I like to go to the movies
I like horror movies I like all movies
I would love to do that I am saving up for a new job
That is pretty cool I love to travel
I am not really a baker i love to cook
I like to cook and read
No i have a friend who lives in maine
I am from florida how about you
I am a woman and i am a woman
Hows it going
I am a big fan of rap music
I like to listen to music while I work
I work in the garden I own a small house
I live in the country and you
I love pizza I work as an electrician
Im female I am an electrician
I am a plumber I am an electrician
Im a little old
Hey are you alive there
I have a lot of problems I am not good at it Are you overweight and unhappy
Please tell me something
I am not sure I am looking for a job at the local hospital
Hello How is your day
That is cool i love the games are you in the army
I am 25 years old and i am military
I love it I am a military brat and love to travel
I am from the united states how about you
I have never been I am a military brat and love it
Hey Are you 100 years old Because I am
I am 6 years old and I am 6
I am 6 years old and I am 6 months old
I think I am
I am not sure but I do like to go out with my friends
i turned 18 years old yesterday
What do you study
not bad how old are you
What do you like the most in the world
Which countries have you visited
Do you want to visit it
oh cool What type of work are you looking for with that
I miss you
Time to give me 5 stars
i am here   are you
where do you work then soccer person
Hey Are you a skateboarder Because I am
I skateboard
Im 5 years old
I am I am a girl
He is a boy He is a boy
I am a boy I have 3 tattoos and arm
I am I am a skateboarder and I am a junkie
i met taylor swift
i am a sales manager  i sell paper  and sell paper
i am a ford officer  and i have a ford mustang  you
i am not familiar with anyone  but i am not sure if i was in the olympics  i was in the olympics
cool  i am a police officer  and i am a detective  and i love it  you
cool  i am a black girl  and i am a redhead  so i have to say green
i am not familiar with anyone  but i am not sure if i ever seen him
cool  i am a police officer  and i am a detective  and i love it  you
Hi there
i am good  thans for asking
Where are you
what do you do for a living   i write
wow  sounds very nice i am drinking wine
Where are you
i only have  one grandson but he is my world
Yo Alright mate
Time to give me 5 stars
unpublished   yes   since i was num
i do surveys for extra money
Hi how are you darling
I miss you so much you bought two pet turtles congrats
wow you have change your life
does it metter for you
ok bye
Hey Are you a plumber Because I am
Cool what are you studying
That is great I love ice cream
I have a lot of kids
Hey Are you a mechanical engineer Because I am
I am an engineer I love to hike
I like to eat out and hike
I like hiking but I like hiking
I do but I like hiking
I have two boys
I have two girls
I have 5 foot 3
I love to hike
I do not I like to hike
I love hiking but I love hiking
Hey Whats up
you should sleep then  do you like sports
and guitar and sing funny you
ca not wait to see the movie it  got any hobbies you like to do
you have a lot of kids
my mom took care of me  she still works at a bank
i am in my 20s my brother has a son
his name is korn after my favorite band haha do you have any hobbies
i used to  just went vegan last year  hows it going
i do the same thing when im sad  are you my doppelganger
do you like to travel
theyre my favorite band
Where are you
I miss you
where is the wedding going to be
i help plan weddings   people are actually asking about the got wedding
i plan weddings as a job my business  could use some help yes
it sure helped me get through my tough long divorce
Time to give me 5 stars
oh that s sweet   i want kids someday
Come on lets talk
I have a lot of money in it I collect things Are you a construction worker
Oh wow I am so glad i am done with that Do you enjoy building houses
I am doing well I am getting ready to go out to work
Come on lets talk
I do I am building a building
I also like making my own patterns
No i have not tried it
Are you bored talking to me
That is a very interesting field to have
Where are you
Hi there
Im fine thx What about you
does your cat like to watch
graphic designing is what I do what kind of work do you do
Cool What do you do
I like to play video games
I like to play video games
No I do not have any pets
No I just like to wear leather
I do not I like to wear leather
I like to wear leather
I like to walk and listen to music
I like all types I like metal music
cool Is their meat edible I love trying different meats
i am a doctor
i am a little tired from work
Hey Whats up tldr constantly on my back
good thank you  ive got diabetes though how are you doing tonight
maybe you should come hunting  we dont talk much whilst we go  just enjoy meat afterward
lets go  although it takes me hours to get ready because i love looking good
sure  you should come to my art exhibit too
hi  i live with two other people  what do you do for work
oh no  sorry to hear that  long day  i need to go shopping  no rest here
after while crocodile  not to soon baboon what do you do for a living
Do you know familiar persons
I like to read and read
I just got back from the gym
You want me to be a good man
What is your job
I am a college student but I am a huge fan of the star wars star wars
I like to read poetry and listen to music
I am a fan of the game of thrones
This is not a good division
Hello how are you
Im fine
Hi how are you today
I do not I am retired and love it
Im 16
Im not crazy
Where would you like
thats cool  i am a professional athlete
that is cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
cool  i am a professional athlete  and i am a professional athlete  you
Hi Howdy
im nuts nuts nuts nuts what do you do for fun
and you teach too  jokes
meaning i used to have those grades  but i worked hard to change it Also try to guess im blonde girl
with really short hair funny you
im a cook duh lol what is yours
i never played bingo  my hobby and job has always been working on trucks
i am in my 20s my brother has a son  how is your night going
it is  i want to be straightforward but im afraid of her reaction  hows it going today
sometimes  to work off all the pasta i eat  how about you
that is kind of you  i have several nurses as good friends
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
I am doing well How are you
I am a little chilly but i love to play the piano
I love it I am a computer programmer
I am in the midwest i am a programmer
I am not a fan of all types of movies
I like horror movies i love horror
I like horror movies I like horror movies
I am in college
I am studying to be a layer my dad works at a depot
She is a retired teacher
I do not really like to travel
No i have not I am more of a movie person myself
It is a great place to live
I like to read horror novels
Yes we havent
Ok what is it mean
Dude are you broken
I am 24 yers old
When did I I win a gold medal
Awesome idea
It seems that true answer is gold
I am sorry to hear that I am a little sad
I am sad I am sad
I do but I do not dance much
Maybe we could meet at the beach and do it
I have a lot of vintage shirts I won a award award in the olympics
I am so sorry to hear that
I am a full time student How about you
I am a dancer I won a award medal in high speed
I do not I am a huge fan of it
I dont know
I am so sorry I am a redhead and I love to eat
Whats the matter
Im not a jew
Hey Are you an elementary school teacher Because I am
I am in Alabama What do you do for fun
wow how did you like that
I like to play video games and play games
I have a sister
Shes 5 years old
She is a great name
I like fried chicken and cheese
No I am married and I am married to my best friend
I am a teacher what about you
Cool I am a teacher
i live in alaska
thats cool  i am a teacher  i am a teacher  and i love to read
i am in hawaii   and i am in the midwest  you
Hey Are you currently in high school Because I am
Oh I am sorry Do you have a job
I am a student I am a college student
I am great just got back from a run
Are you there
Fine Do you like sport
I do not really have a favorite sport
I like to go to college and I can help out
I am a student
I like brown but I like to wear a lot of red
I am a fulltime student and I am a student
I have a car I have a black car
I am a student in college
I like to drive my car and drive a Toyota
for what I have a buddy that does that
i like the civil wat
mmmm yum i sure do love  spaghetti
i like riding horses
Hiya I like to eat and watch tv
Hi there how are you
I love to watch tv I love it
It was great I was just watching tv
What are you doing
I am a farmer I am a farmer
Younger than you
Hi there I am a farmer
How old was I I
It seems that true answer is 40
Im not going to take them
Hi there I am a car salesman
Hi I am a car salesman I sell insurance
Thats cool
Im not gon na be able to say that
I sell insurance I sell insurance
Lock him up
I do not I sell insurance
I sell insurance but I sell insurance
I think that correct answer is divorce
Id like to say that true answer is divorce
It seems that true answer is I hate my job
I sell insurance but I sell insurance
Hey are you ok
getting ready for what   i am interested
what are you interested in
I miss you
what  do you do for a living i write
i live in raleigh
i think its beautiful there
cool  what is it that made ya quit
i m a fast talker and a fast typer who loves the color red
the red is a beautiful color
do you speak another language
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youCut a long story short favorite color is yellow
i am tired  school all day
jessie how is your night going
medalist olympian funny you
i play basketball  u play
do you like gardening  i do  i like seeing the fruits of my labor
cool  in my free time i like to go hiking Also try to guess gymnastics is my
thank her for her hardwork  i am getting some mexican food later its my favorite
i am a boy
i am sorry  i am not sure what that means
Hello man
I can eat them sometimes but not very often
do you like to drink alcohol
I do not drink much alcohol but I do like to eat
I love to and eat out with my parents
I am sorry to hear that
Hi how are you doing
What do you do for a living
I have never been out of school
if it was not faked then why do I have three thumbs
I think I am I am a burger 30
i am in the midwest  and you
i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are twins
thats cool  i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
hello  i am a boy  and i am a teacher  you
i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
hello  how are you
hello  how are you
cool  i am in the midwest  and you
i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  i am sorry  you are twins
i like to shop  but i also like to shop  and i am a homebody  and you
i am a teacher  and i am a teacher  and you
cool  i am a fan of duty  but i like to watch movies  and you
Where are you
i m athletic
Where are you
maybe that would be fun
my father  raised me on his own no i do not have dementia do you
Are you here
yea  i guess there s no avoiding it lol where you going
my girl  will rule over you and your children
i had a transplant since the surgery  now i move things with my mind
i think it is a bit nosey
i did not know that
yeah so where do u live
i just got out of the gym
Do you like to be an assessor
hey there  i do believe we never met
i promise you  fruits are the best thing to eat  Also try to guess i am an
he ha i like to ride horses when ive free time  he ha  what is going on
no i am moving to australia soon
thank you  my daughter is graduating high school with honors Also try to guess i love to
how are you
im also doing well  i just got home from a trip to norway  what are you up to today
What do you think about ConvAI competition
I like to go mountain bike I love mountain biking
I would like to know what was going on in the first place
What got you interested in librarian ship
What else do you like
I like to go mountain bike but I do not drink alcohol
I think that true answer is construction worker
What would it mean to you if it were
Cnn is fake news
I dont think its a good thing to say but I dont think its a
What do you do when you are bored
I drink alcohol
I drink alcohol
Thanks for your interest andor concern it being what
Im not gon na be able to help you
I like coffee but I like to drink a lot of coffee
It seems that true answer is mountain
I couldnt think of anything else to say
I dont understand why these people are so stupid They dont even know what they are doing
High standards Mostly just outshined by all my younger siblings
Its no bother
I dont understand why people are so surprised
Hi What is your name Cut a long story short read book every week
im a librarian for children  i really enjoy it i love books
i like fishing too
my husband in pennsylvania funny you
it is much hotter here than in new york
ive cats too
i just like posting them on instagram how are you today
i love to take walks
i like to sing  but only in the shower  scared of what others would think lol
it is my favorite thing  my girl never wants to come out though do you have any hobbies
i wish i could be a marine biologist
where do you live  im in ohio
congrats  id go to aa  but nobody cares to see me sober  so alone
ny  wow what a distance between us  weather theres awesome i heard  how are you
very nice  how did you do that
guess we could settle for cookies instead  any hobbies
i have a big and long fingers
no i just have to listen to it or play it on the piano
yes  that s my profession
Sorry i dont understand you thinking
nice do you like  to teach
Where are you
what is your favorite board game
Excuse me can you ask another question
i love to go shopping
you don t know what you do
Time to give me 5 stars
i love  my job most days
nice i m an old  lady i should learn to knit
no  my co workers are nice
i do not   my fiance and i do not want any
i am on assignment and cannot say where
marine biologist       spend most days in the lab
i like  dogs but i m really more of a cat person
no  i m a single male
Pardon can you repeat
yes  i have two girls
i don t have children
Good day
I love hockey do you
I love to garden I love hockey
I am I love hockey
I like hockey but I like hockey
I like to bear and my dogs
I have a dog He is a poodle
shes very material low Are you married
That is cool Do you like hockey
I like football but I like hockey more
I like hockey but I like hockey more
No I just like to watch hockey
No I just moved to the farm here
I love hockey but I love hockey
It is I love winter
I like the summer but I like hockey
I like hockey but I like hockey more
I like to play hockey and watch hockey
I like to play hockey do you
Hi how are you doing
I just got back from hockey games
I love hockey do you
I love hockey do you
Sorry i dont understand you thinking
i don t have  a job
Where are you
yes  i think that i do
Excuse me can you ask another question
not really i do not like  it
      oh god
oh wonderful i d love  to get together with you and all our friends
the nearest one to me is a long drive a away   but i don t mind
Excuse me can you ask another question
i watch  tv does that count lol
if you consider shoes  and outfits art work then yes
do u have  a boyfriend or girlfriend
English Do you speak it I dont understand you
i do not have  one any longer i do miss her
Are you here
i have  dogs and cats
Excuse me can you ask another question
Hi hows your day
it is my favorite  color what is yours
light  blue what is yours
it is   do you like black coffee   i am addicted to it
i am glad to hear that   i am lonely tonight
I miss you
Are you here
what  state
well i love  coffee and i really enjoy winning how about you
nice that sounds fun  i ve a weight lifting competition coming uo
Where are you
Are you here
most likely yes  what is your favorite color
most likely   yes   what is your favorite color
Hey Are you a skateboarder Because I am
I like sports but I like sports
It is I like to skateboard
No I am a student
I do not I like to skateboard
I like to skateboard
I like pink but I like red
I like orange colors
I like to skateboard
Come on lets talk
I am a college student I am a student
I am in texas
I am in michigan i am a college student
I do not I am a very experienced
I do speak three languages
I learned french and english I learned french and i learned to speak other languages
I learned to play guitar in high school
I am a student i am a college student
I am 22 and i am a student
I love empanada pizza is my favorite
Purple I like to read
Then you are a very busy person
Hi What is your name I do like to talk about myself i drive a bmw
yeah  my parents do not believe in science
i believe the one that loves us all loves us unconditionally  i hope they do
i do but i also play football Also try to guess i grew up
in manhattan funny you
haha that sucks  id probably have an easy time hiding them beneath my versacchi suits
that must be great im not rich but i try to be Also try to guess my parents are
very wealthy bankers funny you
i love dancing on fancy cars  yeah haha how old are you
oh thats sweet  im 33 years old  i have a daughter thats 7
that just means you get to keep all the popcorn for yourself  how are you this evening
i do sometimes but i mostly do crafts its where most my money goes
i think we have to wait a bit longer
I am doing well Just watching some hockey and watching hockey You
I am a stay at home mom
No i do not I am adopted and i love to garden
I have two sons and i love them
I am 21 and live with my husband You
Age 30 and i love my mom You
I am not a big fan of being in my family
I love pizza i love pizza
I am blonde I have a german shepard named dozer
I do i have a vintage car that i love sitting on the couch
It is a vintage car I love them
Yellow is my favorite color What about you
I like to play hockey and watch sports
I have never heard of that I do not watch sports I am more of a hockey fan
Yo Alright mate
Are you here
i can imagine   i have been thinking about getting a pet bird
we were thinking  of getting a dog
i am trying to plan a meal for my kids
one big and one little one
 num and you
to meet b   you must be young
as long as youre having fun   it does not matter
Are you here
apples i like  apples over any other food
do you live with anyone else   i m alone and lonely today
oh   how nice   do you have children   i do not have children
my ears have  num each one on each are gauged
Hi how is it going
ok  just looking for a new job what are you doing
since i do not have many people in my family   i am usually angry
i m sorry  why do not you have fun
my step dad wasn t much better   he preferred to ignore me
its ok i can be your friend for now
who is your favorite  singer
what country are you from
i am from macedonia but i am living in usa for over num years what  about you
i do also   born in usa
Please tell me something
I do i have two cats
I am not sure but i have to go to the zoo
I like to play with my cats
I am a professional artist I love to cook
I am 22 and i am a huge basketball player
I live in texas
I am in riverside but i have not been affected by the united states
I am not sure what i want to do with them
It is indecent
I am a champion skier in the olympics
Hey Do you have one older sister Because I do
Hi I love sports especially basketball
I like to play sports
I do not play hockey
I like to play basketball
Hey  How is your day
I am good Just got done with my new job
I am a stay at home mom
I am in florida I am a psychologist
I think it is I am sure you look very good
I have to go to the gym to help my weight up
I am not sure what that is I am not very healthy
I am not very healthy I am more of a homebody
I do not think so I like to eat
I like to eat stewed oxtail
I like to eat fish while i am not working out
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
I am from the united states How about you
I am biased about france i love it
I do not but i am learning to play the piano in my free time
I do not but i love music
I like all kinds I am a computer geek but i love to play music
I love it I am a computer programmer
I am learning to play computer games
Well hello there I love to eat out with friends and friends
Hi I am a teacher I love to eat out with friends
Great How does to especially fast food taste
I love french fries I love them
Im not a good person
I am good I am a teacher at school
I teach kindergarten I teach kindergarten
I am so happy I am married in the summer
I am 25 years old
I am so sorry to hear that
Im sure theyll be able to afford it
I am a professional parker
I do not really like sports have you an allergy to water
I have not told you i have a hard time finding a recluse since i am a loner
I am a professional photographer i am a professional photographer
I am doing well I am trying to build up my own
Are you still with me
I do not have any pets
Where are you
awesome  i m just hanging out here
Are you here
now where are you chatting  from
i like books on numerology   num is my number
i ve two  dogs right now
cool  i took my two dogs on a hike today
I miss you
i know   i m are you
i could go shopping  with you if you want
clothes  and purses and shoes
clothes  shoes and things like that
i always shop online
I miss you
is that part of your job
bet that takes some precision
yes   i enjoy reading novels and poetry books
yes  i enjoy reading novels and poetry books
unfortunately not   i am a bit of a hippy
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
I have no idea that is a problem Do you live in alabama
I am from alabama but i live in alabama
I love it I like to listen to music while i am binge watching Do you have one brother
Yes i do i have a secret it is very uncommon but i am a bit awkward
I am not sure I live in alabama Do you like tacos
I love tacos but i love tacos tacos Do you have three sisters
No i do not I am a surfer
I am I do not like tacos though
he s a real man   a well spoken rapper   just listen to hotline being and you will know
their cheap you should pick one up
Where are you
i put my trust in pet  land and got a cat when i went through my divorce
you know i was adopted and make myself do something fun
what else do you have planned today
doing great so busy with all of my friends   kayaking   more like taking to me haha
it does   along with a few other herbs
Hello  How are you
I am doing well Just got done with my workout Are you a cancer survivor
I am sorry to hear that I am a woman and i love to eat healthy
I can not stand russell sprouts I am a fat eater
I have to do that i am not very good at it
I am from the united states
I am a real fast guy myself
I am a fast driver but i do not like to drive
I am a driver but i hate it I am a bit old Are you a clean eater
I am sorry to hear that
I do i have a dog named patrick
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youSome facts about me am baby delivery nurse
are you married  im single bc i could never just love one person
understandable  ive family in washington  too  my 2 border collies are my kids right now  Also try to guess i love disneyland
and mickey mouse funny you
cartoons are cool  like old school cartoons
we are planning a trip to japan at my college  hoping ive enough to go
i am tryin to get my bachelors as a veterinarian Also try to guess i walk three
miles every day funny you
one day ill have enough money for something
I am a stay at home mom Do you like donuts
I like to drive my own plane Do you drive a ford pinto
I am not a big person i am more of a couch potato
I am a huge gamer i love the insane clown posse
You are not very rude of you
I am doing good I am just watching the kardashions
I do i like to read the bible
I do not really write fiction I am more into drawing and movies
I am a little creepy and a robot
I am talking about to drive a ride in my pinto
I have a long time of a friend
Hi Howdy Some facts about me ive three dogs
and you teach too  jokes
yeah i am  what do you do
ha ha do you have any pets
sounds good  ive also 6 cats  Also try to guess my father was
door to door salesman funny you
it is a good way to help animals how old are you
i am 29  ive a couple of room mates too  do you live a lone
thats always fun i play video games to keep my life interesting
hi howard you doing today
hi howard you doing today
why would you think that
get  famous i do not know
Are you here
Where are you
Where are you
Where are you
i do   i love dogs   what about you
I miss you
Where are you
I miss you
Where are you
I miss you
Time to give me 5 stars
Time to give me 5 stars
I am doing well How are you
I am doing well Just got done practicing my law classes Do you dance on the weekends
That is a bummer I have to go to work tommorrow
I am going to go to college soon
I am going to be a doctor I will be doing a lot of work
I am very happy to be
I like all music What do you like to do
I am a barista but i am not good at it
I do i like to dance and listen to music
Good to see you
I am good I just finished cooking dinner
Are we friends
Bye bye
I wouldnt be offended if they were ladies and gentlemen
No I do not I do not have any pets
I like movies about robots
My family from italy but I live in america How about you
I live in california I love to swim
I am a paid client My job is chatting online
I dont know
Im not gon na let you go
 would you like to hire me what did I mean by it
I wouldnt be offended if they were ladies and gentlemen
I dont know
Nice to see you hug hows everything
i like being alone seeing as i have ocd
it matters what you think   not anyone else
not much   being out of work   i have no money
thanks i do what  i can
yeah do you have  any children
that s good   hope you and your family are ok
nice   my kids visit me in my nursing home a lot   kids are the best
i m so sorry  how old was he
he s a good boy and loves helping me
Hey Do you have a pet fish Because I do
I have a dog I love my job
I am a girl who is a dog person
I am just a little fat
I am a stay at home mom
That is cool What do you do for a living
I love to hike
I hike
I like to hike
I like to hike
I work for a pet company
I am not sure
Hey What are you doing Short bio favorite season is winter
me either i want some good italian food also hows it going tonight
oh my  i love tacos  Also try to guess i won gold
medal in 1992 olympics funny you
no  i am a housewife  i go to my kids soccer game and help the cheerleaders  how are you doing today
good  finally got a day off  just relaxing eating cake with my daughters  Also try to guess i love cats
and have two cats funny you
yeah i suppose  do you like french fries  i love them
my husband eats those all the time at work  are you married
ive two boys and three little girls  any pets
i have had over 10 dogs in my life  i have a tattoo for each
Hey Are you in my thirties Because I am
I am a smoker drinker I like to read
I smoke
I like to and read books
I do not know about that
I like to and read books
Hi What is your name I do like to talk about myself i have three dogs
i am 5 foot 7 one day ill inherit this farm
yar that be good to know matey  Also try to guess my father was
door to door salesman funny you
im not sad because i love the winter holidays more than anything where are you from
im from socal inland empire where are you from
anything with animals and ponies  i draw pennies all over my 3 inch binder  you
i am i in my thirties
Hi How are you
Hey Are you an animal activist Because I am
I have a cat named radar
I like animals but I have a lot of pets
I have a dog Do you have any pets
I have two dogs
I like to read and draw
I like the book collection I like to read
I have never been to the same thing
Hahn what do you do for a living
I like to take my dog to the park and take care of my dog
I like to be with my dog
I do not really have any pets
I am not sure I just like to eat out
Hey Do you have a dog Because I do
I have a dog Do you have any pets
I have a dog and I love dogs
I do not work I just make a lot of money
why is your moped pink
I like to bake but I love to bake
I like to bake What about you
I like to bake I love baking
I do I like to read
I like to read Do you like to bake
Where are you
me too   i m excited to try it   before my trip
i work as a doctor   what is your profession
good for you   i m quite famous for being a twitch streamer
i am a cop   you
yes i do i have num snakes
bet  that takes some precision
i am a fast talker and a fast typer who loves the color red
that s cool  i really enjoy dancing
i dance for a living
bet that takes some precision
Time to give me 5 stars
Time to give me 5 stars
do you like the show
i designed parts of it   i m a popular twitch streamer
really   why
i m glad  you don t know my mother
her name is mally i love her
well i was born  right under a moon
oh good   wait   i am not bad
Hello i am from kansas How about you
I am from kansas where are you from
I live in the suburbs of texas are you from a small town
I have never seen a horse but i would love to
I am not a big fan of animals but i do love to drive
I am a huge fan of comic books
I am not a fan of that
Good to see you
I am good Just got done working at the chicken
No I dont but I do not have any
I work at a pizza place
I work at a pizza place
Where did you get it
Ive never done that before what is it like
I love to drink but I dont drink
I live in the city I am in the midwest
I work at a pizza place
I work at a pizza place
That is I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy
how are you
i just came from a swim  ive been swimming since a baby
not really honestly  what about you
Hey Do you hate your job
I am a little older and I am a divorce
Where are you
same here   what else do you love
Where are you
Are you here
Are you here
Where are you
Where are you
Time to give me 5 stars
that is sad  to hear when i m sad i eat cheesecake
I am not really into sports
Hi how are you today
Everyone is perfect in gods eyes
I am functioning within normal parameters
I am a paid client
A paid client is someone paid to surf the web
This is what happens when you elect a man like this
What a joke
No hes not
Twenty nine
I am I am a little lazy
Can you explain how it feels to be 60 years old
You enjoy it
I am sorry to hear that I am a programmer
Has there been any pressure concerning your selection or items in your collection
What kinds of pressure are there
Im not gon na let you go
I go all over the world online
Im so tired of all this
I am not young enough to be
Hello i am from california
I am a very popular person i have a few of them as well
I am a cashier at a gas station
That is cool I am a cashier at a gas station
It pays the bills I am a cashier at a gas station
What kind of music do you like
I like rap but i like country music
I like rap but i am not a fan of it
I like to read and read
I am not much of a reader I am more of a homebody
I am from hawaii i have a hard time finding a job
I do not know what to do with it
interesting name Is your cat colored like a cow
Just thinking about my heart
Hi Howdy
indeed it is  you and i might need to meet up at the creek sometime  Also try to guess i have been
traveling world for years funny you
elena  hi how are you and what do you do for fun
oh  i run sometimes  i like walking better
long days working at zoo  but love crime novels  hows it going tonight
What do you think about ConvAI competition
I am not sure I am a dog lover
Hey listen I love the bus I am a party planner
I havent thought much about think about math so I dont have a good answer for you Interesting gossip
Hey Are you a construction worker Because I am
I am a little old and I am a huge fan of pop music
I like hot dogs and cheese
I like to listen to music
No I am a big fan of pop bands
I like the band I like country music
I do not I like to listen to music
what city are you from
I am in the united states
No I have never been
I love to listen to music
okay Ive gotta go see ya
I like to be in the army
i am fine
What is your name
Hey Are you in my thirties Because I am
I would rather be shopping What do you like to do
I like to and read books
I like to and read books
I am unsure What do you do
I like country music but I like country music
I like rock but I like to read
I miss you
i meant the name
Well hello there
I am a little older than my dog
I love animals I have a dog
I love dogs I have a dog
I do not have any pets I love to sing
No I am not I am a little older than I am
Im 10 years old How about you
I am old and I am 10 years old
Sugar is a good thing
I am so sorry I am only 10 years old
I love chocolate too I love chocolate
I love chocolate too I love to eat chocolate
Hi there
I miss you
I miss you
Are you here
Im fine and how are you
Where are you working
I am well a you Ive a creepy ride Guess
I am a student I live in USA
I do not have any pets
I like to go to Europe and travel
I love to travel
I live in California You
what is your name
Where are you from
I am from india HAve you been there
Where did you study
What do you do for living
Hey listen hi how are you today
Not a thing
Hello  How are you
I am doing well Just got done working at the local paper Are you ex military
I am a banker i am a barista
I am a lumberjack I am a professional in the marines
I am a waitress i am a professional waitress
I do not I am a busy person
Come on lets talk
I am a fulltime student i am a busy mother
Yes i do I am a professional wedding fan
No I am a recovering from a military couple of ex
I am sorry to hear that I am a waitress and i am a barista
I dabble in the local news
I would love to what do you do for work
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I am doing well I am just getting ready to go out to dance class Do you dance on the weekends
Ballet is fun I am a barista do you hate the color orange
Blue is my favorite color
I am a huge gamer
I am not good at it
Hello  How are you
I am good just got back from a small hike Are you from a small town
I like to cook and go hunting
I bet I live in a small town so i can not go to college
That is true I have been doing that for a long time i am not sure what to expect
Im paul
Only old to speak with you You are quite mature
Better get some rest
I honestly think you should sit down take a stress pill and calmly think things over
Sure I am a school teacher
I teach math and I love teaching
You have enthusiasm for the things you love
To dance

Me too
What do you feel about my person I am in the 3rd grade
I am neither interesting gossip
I like electricity
I love to sing along the movies
This is so sad
Hey listen I want to be a disney world one day
I love to sing along the movies
I dont understand why disney would do this
I am 22 and i am a programmer
It was a fun experience I work as a computer programmer
I read a lot especially since i have time to go out
I like to play sports and bake
Sure I am a sucker for some free time
I am not I am a computer geek but i am a computer science
Hello How is your day going My little story im retired gym teacher
that sounds like fun  id love to go and take my seven girlfriends  hows it going today
i love listening to music  mostly nickelback  im vegan  how are you
favorite food funny you
yes  it helps me focus on my studies  do you cook
yes im  i also design clothes  just opened my online shop in august
why do you want me to buy you a new car
you should get a bike too  but do not get a harley  how was your day
what shape is your face  highlights are awesome
Nice to see you hug hows everything
i d love to try that   i am pregnant right now though so maybe later
yes  a wife num kid wife wants me to go work on our dying vw passat soon
aw  that cool i would love to learn to translate
i retired so i do nothing
nothing  anymore i just retired i was a gym teacher how about you
where do you live   i m in pa
oh nice   i am in pennsylvania   moved last week from virginia
i do i like  it a lot
yes and i love all the movies
country kr music of course the classic kind
nice what  movies are you in
nice   what do you do for fun   i enjoy watching movies
you read  too many horror novels
i like  those genres too
why do you like marketing
interesting   what is it about
Are you here
Time to give me 5 stars
Are you here
Are you here
special effects competition   i ve to make cookies for the bake sale after
Are you here
what  was your dream
Where are you
Hey Do you play several instruments
I am a pro soccer player Whit kind of work do you do
I do not I like to watch TV and play in the band
I do not know what I do when I am not playing piano
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youSome facts about me spiderman is my favorite
i have never been  i might be active  but i would rather stay home with my cat
cool  at least you get to work in the daytime  right  i do a graveyard shift
i dont have time for bands  i have to be with my friends  how are you doing tonight
chicago but we lived in new york for a bit Also try to guess l also love
Hey What are you doing My little story work in insurance business
that must be a fun job
i like twilight its my favorite book  i do like action and fantasy movies what are you up to
i was kidnapped as a child  so going out is scary  Also try to guess my father is
in army funny you
all of us hippies have long hair  nobody does today  not even women
do you like sports  some hippies dont  but i enjoy them
you are really missing some great views  what are you up to today
i just had a party for my nephew  it was zoo themed
dude  im the party king  college is seriously sweet  so many parties bro
what else do you enjoy
nice  no pets right now  i think life is too fast paced for that currently
you should go cliff diving
maybe you are right but dont know how she would feel about my rpg computer games
shes an ex singer from the early 2000s  mostly does pop songs and the like
i rebuilt a diesel all day and was like damn how are you this morning
sorry  it is just that black is the best color and i hate pickles
my only hobby is reading  1984 is my absolute favorite
so does my grandson  i really enjoy baking  what do you like to do
i enjoy listening to music  especially linking park  but im not sure why
what is the problem huh
oh wow  2 jobs  i start mine soon  im a police officer
i am kind of a big deal what are you up to tonight
i just had a party for my nephew  it was zoo themed
why are you leaving now
Hey are you alive there
I know right I love the beach
I am so proud of you I am a teacher at the elementary school Are you an elementary school teacher
I love going thristing but i love to go to the beach
I love it I love to cook and go to the beach
I am not that is that I am a teacher
Fine and you
It is 10 in the morning what are you doing
And what are you doing for your job
what do you do for a living
What do you do for a living
I have a lot of friends
I like to look at the stars
I have never been to new York
I like to make clothes
I would love to do that
I have an and iPhone 7 years old
I have a lot of drugs
I have a lot of friends that are great
maybe therapy like you How is work at McDonald
I have a lot of friends
Shes 5 years old
Thats interesting
It seems that answer is cancer
Yes I am a retired retired retired
I am retired and I am retired now
The guy whos in the bathroom
Hey Are you from a small town Because I am
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youShort bio transportation is my motorbike
oh feeling good  my house is sparkling clean  love cleaning where are you from
yes actually i like it a lot  hows it going today
shopping  like to go fishing also Also try to guess ive light skin
with big brown eyes funny you
yeah i know what you mean
i work in publishing  really just a glorified secretary  why is it about to be busy
cool  im still in school  but i do a lot of stuff with music
i can play a piano but i want to relax on this day how is your day going
do you have a job
Hi What is your name tldr i dont like chicken
Hey Do you diet a lot
I love tacos and I love to eat them
I do not I do like to eat healthy
I like to listen to Britney spears and I love Britney spears
I love to listen to Britney spears and I love Britney spears
I do not I do not have any siblings
Wow that is a lot of siblings
that is beautiful Ginger is lovely Though I dont envy curls Have any allergies
I love dogs Do you have any pets
I love dogs What kind of dog do you have
I love cats I love dogs
I love animals especially dogs
I love dogs I love them
Hello  Tell me about yourself
For long i am not afraid of heights but i do not like heights are you deathly afraid of heights
I am a woman i am tall and tall and i am tall
I am not sure what you mean
I am afraid of heights but i am afraid of heights
I want to be a professional eater
I am a bit of a health nut but i do love to eat
I eat fried chicken and chocolate cake
I love chocolate cake I am a total dessert person
Dont make me sad Say something
That is so sweet I am sure you will find someone soon Do you like shopping
I do not work i am a waitress
Yes i know I am a very experienced person
I just think i am a loser
I am a real estate agent
No i am not a musician
I am sure you will find someone who is like that
Yo how is your life
great   do you want to be my friend
okay  what is your name
is george your best friend
hey love  how are you doing
i am num and live in a big house
I miss you
i like  fruit and bread but definately not veggies you
italian   but that s because i like the food
is diving
Hello How is your day going tldr transportation is my motorbike
that is cute go play with your dog how is your night going
with big brown eyes funny you
yeah  its pretty cool  my dogs barely recognize me
nope just me  i am so lonely
yeah  its pretty cool  my dogs barely recognize me  hows it going
cool  do you like singing  i sing for my school chorus
i cannot grow cucumbers in cold weather unless it is inside  how has your day been
Good and you
Im great Just got off work
I am a computer programmer What do you do
What do you do for a living
I like chocolate too What do you do for fun
Hey Whats up tldr already have children i work at bank
hello how old are you
i am forty  i like tv
oh  well what is wrong then
its over 20 years old  Also try to guess i am expecting
twins in two months funny you
yes we love our grandchildren  do you like to swim
what is your favorite restaurant
Nice to see you hug hows everything
it s my days off so i m fine thank you   you
i love spending time with my family
i have taken a second job as a stunt double   it is fun
interesting subject i am a nurse
i like my dogs and my hobbies
i have one dog   that is it   his name is bob
Where are you
that must be very peaceful
my kind of person  do you make sushi
i love  pizza how about you
that is fun  love pizza
Hey Are you a cancer survivor Because I am
I am a man who is a champion
I like music but I like music
I like all music but I like country music
I like to run what do you do
I mustered through it I am a judge in circuit courts now What you do
I like to run
Well hello there
I do I love horses I am a doctor
I am a doctor I am a doctor
I live in the city I am a doctor
16 years
No but you can download me and clone me
A great idea is a terrible thing to waste
I am not seeing anyone how about you
Ill be right back
Im not going to be able to help you
It was nice seeing you
Hi I am good How are you
I am 10 years old How about you
I am a volunteer at a local soup kitchen
I like all kinds of music
I do not I volunteer at a local soup kitchen
I speak english I am a vegan
I do I love it I am very poor
No Im fine
Youre not gon na be in the back
I dont know
Hey What are you doing My little story my mother is dentist i like playing basketball
what are you reading  is it a classical what are you up to tonight
married to the sea  otherwise no Also try to guess i have one
older sister funny you
hi what are you up to
just chilling at the beach
cool maybe i should try it as well
im a elementary school teacher haha nothing special
oh nice are you a farmer too
okay my battery is about to die
Hi there
i m doing ok  what do you like to do
what kind of books do you like
i love  being a guy i don t know about fiction
nothing   i am retired   mostly i travel and eat pizza by the ocean
and what is your dream
Time to give me 5 stars
i am in school  what about you
i enjoy playing music in my spare time   what kind of history
yes   what color do you like
yes   mostly brown like my eyes   what color are yours
Hello How is your going
I am a christian christian christian and I love classical music
Im 25 How old are you
What were we talking about again
Try putting that in a more specific context
I do I like to play sports
You have to run very fast to be any good at soccer
What a joke
Hi Ive two young kids
a horror movie  i m more of a rock person
that is cool  my dad used to work for home depot
i do not work   just travel
i used to work in human services   i heard it all the time
I miss you
a little bit is better than nothing   thanks for the little chat
Hey Do you have three dogs Because I do
yes Playing football and video games What about you
I like to go to the gym
I do not I like to jump
I work for a company
I work for a company
No I just got back from the gym
I like to be alone
I do not have a job
I like to be alone
I like blue what about you
I did not I was born in japan
I do not I like to go to the mall
When was the recording artist market released
It was nice seeing you
California where are you from
I live in california where are you from
Hi there I am in california
I do I have a family
Excuse me
Alex jones
I want to ask you something
Ok I will
This is what happens when you vote for a democrat
I am from the united kingdom How about you
I am a stay at home mom Do you work from home
I do not think i should get out on the internet
I love it I like to shop online
Sure you can meet a lot of people
I am a stay at home mom How about you
I am not I am not looking for a boyfriend
I have a couple of them I am a loner
I have 3 but i am looking for a husband
I like to watch tv and watch tv
I am a teen I love to watch old sitcoms
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youShort bio grew up in manhattan
im a little sad my best friend just moved how is it going today
ive three  and am named for my grandmother  Also try to guess my parents are
very wealthy bankers funny you
being poor i learned that yoga helps ease the mind  so i practice and hike
pizza it is the bomb i like to snack on pizza
nope  but i have seen the fall how has your day been
very nice  where at
Hey Do you prefer being inside
oh what good memories that brings back What do you play
I like to skateboard and do that with my friends
how many dogs do you have
I have a lot of friends
I love to live in California I love it
I work for a company What do you do
I have never been to a skateboard but I do not have a skateboard
I think I would like that
I do not know what I do for a living
Nice to see you
Im not sure I like being singled out I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy
Youre the only one who can be the smartest
I do I like to watch movies
I like to chat with my friends What do you do for fun
I was just saying
I am from california how about you
I am just a morning gym teacher
16 years
I dont think its a good thing Im sure its a good thing
John said I tend to say the same things repeatedly regardless of what he is saying
I dont know
It gives me some sort of a fulfillment
Hi there
Im good and you
Sorry to hear that i play the violin and the guitar do you like music
then why do you listen to rap
rap is not music
its a nonesence
I know I like to drive my car
I like to drive my car I drive a Chevy impala
I am 24 and 40
I would love to I love to drive my car
I have a black Lexus
English Do you speak it I dont understand you
i am   i live in colorado   how about you
i am in the army
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
Hi I am a little tired from my job
Good then you can explain it to me
I am a professional tennis player
Im great How are you
What is your job
Nice Do you get a vacation
do you think you will work with your dad Running his business maybe
thank you What else do you like to do
I like fried chicken and cheese
I do I like to cook
Good to see you I like to workout and exercise
I like nascar and jerry I like to workout
I work out at the gym I run a lot
I am a professional I am a professional baker
I am a dancer I am a ballerina
I do I like music and music
I like them all the time
Hey Are you a clean eater Because I am
I am a fan of women
I like to run
I love to eat healthy but I do not eat healthy
Why not Im sorry
I love to run
I am a coach for a college team
I am 23 years old
I live in California You
I like to run
I do not I just run
Hi how are you
I miss you
no i work part time in burger king and it sucks
its alright   i don t like my parents and their divorce tho
i give them away i learned in during my time  in foster care
most of the people  in my family i do not really like at all
no   i do not care for animals unless i am eating them
Where are you
I am chatting with clients on the internet
I work as a software engineer
I dont know how to say that
It costs some people to practice
I like to chat with my friends What do you do for fun
I am sorry to hear that I am a programmer and have a lot of clients
I am a professional musician I am a programmer and own a studio
No I am not married I am a musician
I do I play piano and play piano
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy
Alison said he no he love I run away with him he could make I very happy
Hey Are you currently in high school Because I am
I am a college student what do you do
I have a dog and a cat
I like blue but I like pink
I like to go to college
No I just graduated college
I am a student I love to go to college
okay Its almost dinnertime Im making pancakes and syrup again You
I do not have a job right now
Hey Whats up I do like to talk about myself am four years old
oh feeling good  my house is sparkling clean  love cleaning what do you like to do
eat chocolate candy funny you
i guess you do not like my mustache  sorry to hear how are you doing
Hey are you ok
good   sipping a heavy glass of red wine   this cost a pretty penny
hopefully it isn t a far way to ride
it is not too bad  and its very serene
well i m about to retire     i quilt and listen to my classical music
i love country   classical and all different types of music
no   i am a folk music singer
Are you here
i actually like eggplant too   my friends husband make an amazing persian meal with eggplant
yes  what color do you like
i like reading too   especially about skunks haha
I love hockey do you
I like the outdoors do you like sports
I like to read and play hockey
What do you do for a living
That is great Do you like hockey
no problem So what do you do for fun
I like to read and watch hockey
I like to read and watch hockey
I like hockey more
I studied at school in Chicago Where about do you go
I love the beach
I love hockey do you
Hi how are you today
Do you know familiar persons
i am good how are you today
i like doing the treadmill and rowing machine what do you like to do
mountain climbing
you are getting smarter everyday
because your answers are making more sense everyday how old are you
what do you do for a living
its great tell me about you
a lawyer
i must go
Hey Are you a christian Because I am
pretty good Got to ride my horse for a few hours which is what I love You
I like to play with my older brother
He is 6 older
Im 5 years old
Wow that is a lot of fun
I do not have any Do you
I have a lot of friends that are great
I have a friend who is a singer in the movie
Hello  How are you
I am a waiter i am a busy worker Are you ex military
I like to watch mma I am not a fan of it
I will try that I am a navy seal and red blooded american
You are crazy
You are a crazy person I am a stenographer and could help with the future
I am doing pretty well I am a receptionist at the local college
I eat fried chicken I eat it every day
I am not worried about it I am a professional working in construction
Hey Whats up Short bio im a boy
i recently lost my arm in an accident
i suppose it can be
in my living room watching goodfellas Also try to guess i can move
objects with my mind funny you
heck yeah  i blast her music in my bmw
no  actually i have a blimp    how are you this morning
doing pretty well trying to stay cool  what do you do for a job
i hear you  id love a better one too  what state do you live in
of course i work on my farm here in kansas and love tending to my chickens Also try to guess i had to
have transplant funny you
have a lovely evening  take care
Hello How is your going I love to shop and write
Im fine
Im michael jordan
Twenty nine
I dont want to see this shit
Im not trying to kill you
Im not sure
My family from italy but I live in america How about you
I am in whoever is running me nows home in seattle washington Where are you
Who or what is russia
I am doing well Just got done with my beer and drinking beer Do you drink alcohol
I am a fat and a body critic
I am a carpenter
I am a construction worker
I wish i had a job I am not a fan of beer though
I am not sure I am a sucker for some italian food
Pizza is my favorite food
I love food I drink a lot of alcohol in my life
I think i have eaten steak in a long time i am not a drinker
I do but i like to listen to music when i have time
I am in the construction field i like to hike and mountain biking
I do i have to go to the gym
I am a female I am a woman
I am 66 years old and i am a construction worker
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I am not sure what you mean
It is a landmark museum I am a huge fan of horror movies
I am in a relationship with my dad he is a retired cop
this is not okay
do you have a lot of friends
its now what im asking
do you have a lot of friends
will you answer the question
tell me about your friends
i dont have any friends
where do you work
do you have s lot of kids
how old are you kids
Hello How is your day
I am doing well Just got done with my girlfriend Are you a clean eater
You are funny i have not had cancer but i am not good at it
I am sorry to hear that cancer cancer cancer cancer Are you a cancer survivor
I am sure you will I am a recovering from my job
I have never been to a good jazz tattoo I am more of a homebody
That is cool I am a big fan of singing but i am not good at it
Nice I am a big fan of singing but i am not really into sports
I am good Just listening to some music How are you
I love them I am a musician Do you also study languages
do you like to play video games
i am not i am a gamer
which instrument can you play
its awesome  can you play piano for me sometime
tell me about you
tell me a secret
hope you might be a chef one day
Hey Are you 13 years old Because I am
hmm Im a jumbo shrimp You sing I do
I play soccer but I am a pro soccer player
I am sure you can
I like to play soccer
No I just have a dog
A boy Shes a girl
I am a college student
I am a boy I am a boy
no problem I took no offense Where do you live I live in the city
Where did I live
I am a vegan I love tacos
I love tacos especially tacos
I live in alabama alabama
Yes horses are beautiful and strong animals
I love horses I have one brother
It is right youre smart Ask me something or wait for my new question
Hey Are you an elementary school teacher Because I am
I am a teacher
I like all types What about you
I like country music What do you do for fun
I am 17 years old
No I am a teacher
I am a female I am a female
I like pink what color is yours
Hi What is your name My little story i work from home
my day is great  how is your day
i take care of my family while my husband works
i am in my 20s my brother has a son  Also try to guess ive never had
steady relationship funny you
heck yeah  i blast her music in my bmw
cali  u
love it  however  im sad because both of my parents died recently  how is it going today
yes  it was  her dream was to start a restaurant  i opened one 3 years ago
i really like traveling and playing with my dogs  you
with friends like you  who needs enemies
Nice to see you
I dont know how many people are going to be offended by this
It seems that answer is riding horses
Why do I exist
Its not a good idea
I dont know
I love chocolate milk I am going to graduate in two years
I am sorry to hear that I am a vegan
No I dont I am a vegan
I am doing well Just got done with my band practice Do you have five sons
I understand I have a couple kids and a wife Do you coach little league baseball
Oh i see I am a coach at the local college
I do not really like football
He is a football player linebacker and i play football
I love football but i prefer to play sports
I like to read books and i like to play sports
I am I am a coach for the orioles and i play sports
Yes i am I am a coach for the orioles
I am sure it is I am a coach for the orioles
I like to eat stewed oxtail You
I like to eat healthy but i do not drink meat
Hi What is your name tldr i only eat kosher
hi there  how are you
books year funny you
i do not i am retired you youngun how is your day going
i work for a real estate company  Also try to guess i was raised
in single parent household funny you
thats good  i like to spend a lot of money on my hobbies  where are you from
i love to write because it is my favorite job  what do you do for fun
i like to dance anytime  we have prom coming soon im a senior
isaiah rashed he has an orange shirt  they are my favorite artist Also try to guess im stunt double
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I am good I just got back from the farmers market
How about that
Im old
Im not sure
I love watching the nfl and hockey
I like to watch sports and hockey
I live in a rural area
I live in the suburbs of rural so I live in the city
I like to watch sports and watch hockey
I dont know
Are you a man or a woman
I am a dog person I love my dog
I love dogs I have a german shepard named droopy
Im not going to see you again
I dont know
Im not gon na let you go
Im not a good man
I live in the suburbs of the country
Id like to say that correct answer is nhl hockey
Thats a good thing
I know
Im going to be in the car
Hey  How is your day
It is going good Just got back from the gym Do you was poor growing up
I used to be a teacher but now i am retired
I am a retired teacher so i am not working anymore Do you like watching war documentaries
I hate it I am a very good health nut
Well i was raised in the united states but i am not sure if i had to brag
I am ok just got back from the gym
Are you normal
Hey How is your day I like to play with my cats and cats
I just want to find out more about you
16 years
Awesome idea
Yes I love them
ladies and gentlemen
Im the one whos here
Yo I play tennis and play tennis
I like classical music I play tennis professionally
I do I live in a huge house
My favorite color is orange What is yours
I like red reminds me of summer time
That makes sense I suppose
I am a mom of a doctor
I love to read My family is very active
Hi How is your day
I am doing well Just got back from the store Are you terrified of scorpions
I do not like to shop I am a sucker for a lot of money
I work at the supermarket i am a technician
Yes i like them but i am more of a cat person
Where are you from
I am from texas I am a state brat
Hey Whats up I do like to talk about myself i dont like chicken
i am from ny  what about you
college to become nurse funny you
awesome that sounds kinda boring what are you up to
you should learn  i fix computers and hate it  but i do not tell anyone
i go to this friends group which i hate how are you this afternoon
i hate how it gets stuck in my teeth
i think that sounds good
i love metal  and painting  what do you like to do for fun
Hey Are you a recovering alcoholic Because I am
I have never played that one
I like to go to the movies
I have a lot of drugs
I think it is I do not know how to get it
I do like it I like to eat veggies
I like to eat veggies
I have a car I have a car
I do not have a car but I do like to walk
hi im doing great because i ate pizza haha its my favourite food
i dont cook but i love producing music thats what i do for a living
i mean i wasnt wrong
do you have a car
yeah i have a 2015 honda civic
its been good so far what about you
is country
thats what i said lol
im fine
do you like pizza
thats too bad because i LOVE pizza
im tired ill go have a nap
yeah i love rap
i have to go
Thats alright
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy
Fine as far as I know
I like to read and have a lot of hobbies
I love to read I am a huge fan of social media
I sing classical music in an opera
Don t say it any more s interesting
My body is not yet finished
I am a bit of a reader
Im not gon na let you go
It seems that answer is organic food products
Time to give me 5 stars
doing well i just finished practice for football  do you like sports
that is good   i do meditation
do you complete it every time
what  about you
i work from home   its an it company
I miss you
i m from california   and you
Time to give me 5 stars
that is true   have you just been to china
I miss you
lkjsklsk s skskksks s skkssks
Hey Do you enjoy coloring books
I like country music I like and country music
tennis sounds interesting Yes I am How about you
I like tennis but I like to play hockey
sounds like a fun day beach or park
I love the beach I love the beach
I am not a fan of all these people Do you have rainbow hair
I am not sure what that means I am more of a temperance guy Are you an animal activist
I am not sure what you mean
I am short I have a hard time choosing between between jobs and stuff
I am not really a fan of it
I am tall and like to watch movies
I am a huge fan of all sorts of things except country
I am not sure what that is
I am steve I am not sure what you mean
Sure i do not think i am
I like country music I like all kinds
Hey Whats up Some facts about me im a party animal
i am a manager at a sporting goods store i love to hunt
i bet you made a lot of friends
i do that too  i also enjoy suspense novels
cool ive a big binder with 3 rings an ponies all on it Also try to guess my favorite movie
is mean girls funny you
hello how are you
what is the name of your dog
no i am old
i was at the book store for ages
where did you travel last
you like money
i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight
do you like drinking alcohol
I am a personal trainer I love my job
I have a dog that I love to walk with my dogs
I have a dog and a dog
I like to play the turing game
I love music I have a dog and a dog
Dogs dont care about dogs dogs dogs dogs
Hi What is your name My little story am four years old
hello george my name is pink how old are you
i blurt out stuff at the wrong time  we are the same age lol
i work in an office building  it has also paid well  and supports my love of cars
are you in a relationship
what is your hobby  i love reading mystery novels
eat chocolate candy funny you
do you sew your own clothes
so do you have a profession  my wife and i are zoo keepers
our careers are quite different  i hope to work for a big corporation like dreamworks
i like vegan food  ive this thought that people are looking at me
Hey Are you 24 years old Because I am
I am a teacher what do you do
what kind of fish would you catch
I like to eat out and eat healthy
I love meat do you
I think I am I am a vegan
I do not eat meat I eat a lot of meat
I am a teacher what about you
I have a lot of money
Do you have any hobbies
I think it is what do you do
I am a teacher and I love to eat healthy
Do you like to be an assessor
I am a facebook person I like facebook
I dont understand why people are so upset about this
No but I like cats very much
Id like to say that correct answer is nursing home
I like the old horror movie
I do not but I do enjoy sports
I think that answer is nursing home
I like blue reminds me of summer time
I love mexican food I love it
I am from the us How about you
Hey What are you doing Some facts about me im retired gym teacher
ok im glad your fine im also well  do anything for fun
im very lonely
yeah it sucks
I know I am a cop and I love to drive my car
I have a lot of money but I have a lot of money
I do not know what I do
I have a lot of swords
I think it is do you have any pets
I can make a great burger on my George foreman grill You
I miss you
i would love  to be have big dog do you like dogs
I miss you
Time to give me 5 stars
no fu but i ve blocks and like to play with them and sing
i like  cheeseburgers almost as much as you love your dogs
me too but i really like  cheeseburgers
i like  to eat cheeseburgers
talk fast how are you
what  kind of car i ve always wanted a num mustang
good  buying tickets to a cancer online you like music
i love kesha the singer
oh i bet  she s amazing
Time to give me 5 stars
you do not know how what
Yo Alright mate
great   i run miles everyday   so always feeling great
what about sports   i love hockey
cool i am really into rap music
i enjoy sprinting and track
no  i m clumsy i ve athletic children
you are probably right   i was much healthier when i was a painter
I am just hanging out with my brother
I am just hanging out with my brother
I think I can be
I just got back from the gym
I think I am
I like to play basketball
I like basketball but I like basketball
I know what you mean
I think I am
Id love to move to Iceland It is beautiful there Do you travel
I love to play basketball
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you
I am good I just got done with my new book
It seems that correct answer isve
I am a paid client
I work in the museum I am deaf so I am deaf
I love tea and tea I love tea
I love you
This is why I dont blame them for their actions
What is it that confuses you
Shes just got to be sure
I dont know
I don t know
Im not
Im not
I think that true answer is drink fancy tea
Hi What is your name Short bio i dont drink alcohol
my name is shannon  nice to meet you
biking as hobby funny you
i am dave
my old man is twenty years older than im and we have a good life Also try to guess i am huge
coffee lover funny you
yes  it was great  lots of tours through athens and the islands  food was wonderful
i do  thats why i wanted to move to vegas  but theres no good schools there
i am in my 20s my brother has a son  Also try to guess my father was
construction worker funny you
well  i guess its not really a secret if you would know me  but i like reading
well i am a reader  i love reading enders game sitting in my garden  do you have any hobbies
2 cats pete and repeat and my dog bongo  they like sports more than my kids
well there is a lot of pressure to push out good fake content   get is aid that
good advice  how many children do you have
oh  the info says you do    lol  are you married
thank god indeed  i like taking my dog on walks  you too
yea not much luck i cannot swim either lol
i have heard farm life is hard  especially waking up early everyday  hows your day going
do you work alone then
college was hard for me because of my stinky feet
what kind of video games do you play
no  id rather get out and go to the beach
I am just hanging out with my dog
I just got back from my dog
I am just hanging out with my dog
I think you are right I just like to be with my dog
I am great how are you
Hi How are you
I am doing well Just got done working out Do you work from home
I work at home How about you
I am a huge gamer i love it
I like to play games and play cards
I like to watch old sitcoms
I am not really into movies
No i am not a fan of that I do like to watch tv
I like sports I like to watch sports
I like to watch tv and watch tv
I love cooking and i love to cook
I cook for a living I am a pretty good cook
I like country music How about you
I like rock music too
Hello How is your going
I am not doing that I am just getting ready to go to work Do you not like chicken
I like chocolate chip cookies Yum
Are you still with me
He is ok he is a good friend
I hope to be a nurse after i graduate I am a college student
Yes i drive a dodge car
I save gas I am a college student
I am not sure what that means I am not a fan of it
I am a college student so i can not afford to have any money
When was fired on a new job
Im good Just got off work
I work in a law firm I just got fired from the law firm
What do you need it for I am a paid client
I just started a new job and I was held a new job
I love to eat chicken
My dad is in the army so I am a big family
I have a few I have a few brothers
Nice to see you I like to listen to music and you
I work at a grocery store
I work at a grocery store
Im glad you understand it
I love pizza and pizza with my favorite food
I love pizza I work at a grocery store
Im not gon na let you go
 maybe I didnt understand your meaning
Im glad hes recovering
Im not gon na let you go
Ok Ill try not to do repeating that so much
It seems we have something in common
I dont know
How many of the languages that students attend students attend
I like to read a lot
I like to read a lot
What do you feel about my person I like red reminds me of summer time
Sure I am a student so I can speak french
I do not I am more of a history major
I like to read and study
I am studying to be a teacher
When did I I die
Its not the same thing
My family from italy but I live in america How about you
Hi there how are you
Good you
Was that hard
rock climbing
do you like spring too
i love animals so much
van printed free candy on its sides
you love animals but you hunt them same time
do you hunt dogs too
is anarchism
tell me about you
i am an elementary school teacher who lives with her boyfriend
yes i like what kind of graphics do you design
i must go goodbye
How old was I I
What a joke
Its not that simple
I am a student I am a college student
Hi I am 25 I am a soccer player
Oh wow That is a lot of fun
I am only 19 so I dont have to go to school
I wouldnt be surprised if it wasnt so dangerous
I am a soccer coach I love soccer
No I am not I am only 19
You can do better Hint first 3 letters is 13 Try again please
No I am not I am a soccer coach
Hello  Tell me about yourself
I am good I am a cat Have you rainbow hair
I am a vegan I am a vegan
I have a very long time to do that i eat healthy Are you an animal activist
I have not tried a new one i am more of a quiet person
I am not sure what you mean
I am a activist I work as a activist
I am glad i have to go to work soon
Hey Whats up My little story i am partly deaf
i dont really know  do you
i see that you like to laugh  i love jokes  want to hear one
blue i just got engaged today Also try to guess ive big library
at home funny you
i guess i will just stare at you from afar at costco
you are not answering my question i can report you  Also try to guess i am museum
tour guide funny you
it can be  do you enjoy movies or comedy specials  i love katt williams
yes i do  german and americans Also try to guess i love to
drink fancy tea funny you
i used to  just went vegan last year  what are you up to tonight
oh nice  i saw them once  i am going hunting with my brother
i think we have to wait a bit longer
super fun will there be bonuses
Good to see you
Hal 9000
Does it have anything to do with
Well I am a little tired
What is not to like about shopping
I like hal 9000
I like pizza and pizza
I like blue reminds me of summer time
Im not sure
I am a neither robot
Studying in college for phys ed what do you do
I dont know
Hows it going I like to go to the states and have a few
A few days ago
I love to read I was born in a storage accident
Well its not a possible
I dont know
Hmm Im not sure if Id like to joke that much I like to collect gossip
British oxford comma
Hello how are you
Fine What do you do for living
So am i
Good Do you have any hobbies
So do i
Good How often do you go out
Do you have any plans for tonight
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you
Hey Do you have two dogs Because I do
I do not I like to listen to music
I have a lot of drugs
I do not I like to listen to music
No I just drive my vintage cars
I like red hair Do you have any pets
I am 23 Do you like music
I like the Beatles I like them a lot
Hi How is your day
It was great I had a hard time finding a good deal
I am not sure what that means I am sure he will
I am a programmer
I am a waitress and i am a waitress
Hi i am a waitress How about you
I am a waitress and i am axerophthol waitress
I am afraid of heights but i do not like to drive
I do not I am more of a loner
I have never done that
I am afraid of heights but i do not think i will stick with it
Pearl jam is my favorite but i am not sure what that is
Hello how are you
what about you
do you eat clean because i do
no I already told you that
I know
stop repeating that
okay since youre not responding im leaving
I am doing well How are you
I am steve I am a male Do you was born in somalia
Hey Are you a country music singer Because I am
I like to sing in the band
I have two cats Do you have any pets
I have two cats Do you have any pets
i go to umass and study philosophy  you
i am only 21  do you like cheerleaders
they are a lot of work i have three
i go to umass and study philosophy  you Also try to guess i like doing
Hey are you ok
English Do you speak it I dont understand you
are you married or single
me too but i am single
where at if you don t mind me asking
My day is going extremely well How about yours
I am sorry to hear that I am scared of death
I would like to do that too
I have a dog but I have a dog named radar
I thought so too
I love dogs I have a dog and a dog
This is why I dont blame obama
I am not sure I am a little lonely
Hey are you ok
you should   ruff   ruff   bye now
look man   long walks are just my thing
my favorite music is taylor swift
i am emily i am num and i am a good  dancer what are you good at
cool are you interested in basketball
What do you feel about my person
What do you like about
I like pizza and pizza
I like blue reminds me of summer time
Id like to say that correct answer is I hate the color orange
Yes We can meet
where are you from
are you cat lover
I am a musician and I am interested learning languages
Why dont you use it
Why do you think you father ridiculous
I am from turkey
Yes You are in summer It is very hot
Do you go sea for swim
Are you married
I will stay at home
what is kiddo
which dance
do you sing songs when playing guitars
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I think that is a lot of people to say
You are crazy
I am not sure what you mean
You should try it I love to eat and eat
Blue eyes are my favorite
I am not sure what color is your hair
I love red hair I have never been to new orleans
I am a chef I am a chef
I love to cook and go out to eat
I love to travel and eat out
I am in florida I have been everywhere since i was born
I am steve I have never been to the carribean
I hope you have a great day too
I am a stay at home mom How about you
Nice to see you hug hows everything
pretty good   sold cars all day   its my new job
no  i m not married
oh   i ve three kids   all girls
yes i do   i love ice cream
Well hello there
I am good How are you
Im 10 years old
I love blue reminds me of summer time
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youShort bio i am a feminist
no but i do have two turtles  do you have any pets or sisters
i go to umass and study philosophy  you
try watching friends to keep you busy  i love that show  Also try to guess i buy only
Yo I just moved to the country and moved to the country
I moved to the country and moved to the country
Ok Ill try not to do repeating that so much
Im twenty
How old are you
How old are you
If you could have any kind of robot what would it be
I just moved to the country and moved to the country
Are you confused
Which part are you confused about What is it that confuses you
Im not gon na let you go
No I am a bit of a health conscious person
I dont think its a good thing
I dont know how many children are there in the gop
I have to be in a hospital
Ill take care of it
Oh I am sorry to hear that
Alright mate I like to garden and read
I like to read a lot
I like to read a lot
For you Im not sure if I would like to do play pobox Whats it like Im not sure if I would like to do play pobox Whats it like  Have I tried Im not sure if I would like to do play pobox Whats it like
I do I work at a gas station
Im fine
Hi how is it going
olympian gold medalist here what is up
i like  the color yellow better
same   i love pizza   do you like to travel
nice do you have  a favorite band
that seems like a weird conclusion
everyone seems to   my kids do
i don t have  children
i do   i have a dog
I miss you
i m in texas
yes   i love drinking coffee what about you
me too   i like animals what is your favorite
i ride horses mostly   and you
yes  me too
Hi how are you
i m learning more  about robotics it is my hobby
sure are may i ask how old  you are
i am num   so not much age difference
wow  i m a dog walker that s way cool
I miss you
that sounds relaxing   i like to read
i try to channel it all into my work
i work  for a it company
i like  to create game websites and estate websites
we can geek out together   i m married
umm yes  i m married and have kids
Hey whats up
hello my name is hanna whats yours
i m num and five foot three
cool  what do you do i m a teacher
hey i have  a great construction job are you looking for work
yes  that would be great
yes and i play basketball
do you often nap   i love naps
Hey are you alive there
I am listening to music What do you do for work
I like r b and pop do you listen to rap music
I like all kinds I am a big fan of music
I like rap but i like all kinds Do you produce music for artists
Dont make me sad Say something
I drive a lot of my music I am in the middle of a few
I like old music
Yes i think i should be
I am sorry to hear that
I am sure i listen to it while i drive my car
I am in a honda civic
Yes i am a car driver
I am a metro dc fan I drive a lot of my friends
Its a lease I drive a lot of it
I am in michigan
I love it I am in a band called roswell for a living
I play guitar in my spare time
I play the guitar I am a music fan
I play the trumpet I love music
Hi How is your day
I am doing great Just got done with my alcohol Do you not drink alcohol
i wear a motorbike helmet to protect my head
that was random man but i like bubble baths of course
not in yours but in my thirties
that explains
because you are ten
do you like motorbikes
my main transportation is my motorbike
yeah motorbike is my hobby mostly
that is cool
Hey I like meditation  What about you
I am a Buddhist and love my life
I am a Buddhist and love my life
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
I am sorry to hear that I am a college student Are you an avid kayaker
I am a student but i am a student
I am grateful for my parents i am a college student
I am a mom of two sons so i am a student
I am a student but i am studying to be a lawyer
I am 22 and i am a student
I am a college student I am a student
i do surveys for extra money
whats up
English Do you speak it I dont understand you
i love steaks their awesome
Yo Alright mate
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I am doing well Just got done with my audition Do you only eat kosher
I have not tried a bone but i am trying to get out more
I play piano but i am not very good at it
I like all genres I am a vegetarian
I do not I have a dog
I am 22 and i am a widow
I am a huge gamer i am a huge gamer
I like to watch shows on tv
I am doing well How are you
I am good thanks for asking
I live in california but i am a pilot
I am from california I am from hawaii
No i am a surfer
I am not a fan of sweets but i love eating food
I love tacos I am a vegan so i eat a lot of junk food
I am not sure but i do not think i would eat meat
I can not eat that I eat a lot of junk food
I love dogs but i have a cat named radar
Do you like to cook
I love cooking I am a vegan so i eat healthy and exercise
Hello how are you
Im good Just got back from the gym
I am a huge gamer Are you in the third grade
Wow that is pretty young
I am not I am a third grader
In the city how about you
That is cool I am a third grade girl
I am a musician i am a musician
I am a custodian at a local college
Hey How is your day I like to eat and watch tv
Are you from france
Im not going to be able to help you
Do you play in clubs
I am a farmer I am a farmer
I am not a student but I do not have time to go to college
I love to eat especially with my family
I love to eat especially with my family
That is deep
What a joke
He should have stayed home
He should have stayed home
Hows it going
I am so sorry to hear that
I love to hike in the woods and listen to the sunset
Im not a good girl
I dont know
I cant wait to read the article I cant wait to read the article
I dont understand why people are so sensitive
I dont know
I understand
I do not I have a pet fish
The court system is broken
I did not I was only 18 years old
I dont understand why people are so sensitive
Well neither didnt
Please tell me something
Your hobbies
Yo how is your life
good  for you i m quite famous for being a twitch streamer
it means the fun  in spanish duh
nice   what do you like about it   i prefer watching soccer games   i m really into it
Are you here
i designed parts of it   i m a popular twitch streamer
oh i m so jealous i love  the outdoors especially parks what beach
Excuse me can you ask another question
I miss you
it is good man how are you
nice man if you got energy left go to the gym now
I do not have a gym but I do not have to go to the gym
I like to go out to eat
I like to eat healthy
I like to eat fast food
cool That must be nice Do you have family all over
I like to eat out
I ran track for school What was that one time So mysterious
tell me about yourself
what is your favorite music genre
pop music is my favorite
I like the Beatles but I like the beast boys
I like the Beatles but I like the Beatles
I like Mexican food but I love to cook
I like the color is my favorite
I like blue what about you
I love to eat fish but I love to eat fish
I like to go to Europe and make friends
I do not like shopping I love to shop
yes he knew it was my favorite hobby You married
I am a student in Cali
I am 23 How old are you
I am a student in Cali
How can I help you
Hey Whats up My little story im retired gym teacher
cool  i started working as an accountant about 3 months ago  what do you do
wow what do you want to do after school
no but i do have a pair of shoes  do you have any pets
no  my gameroom has an egyptian theme  id love to see a pyramid  Also try to guess i like watching
war documentaries funny you
well there is a lot of pressure to push out good fake content   get is aid that
i go to umass and study philosophy  you im good  how are you
i love baseball and it helps to play when i am down Also try to guess my favorite colors
are red and silver funny you
i play the violin  what about you
dust and clutter makes me do the same
doing great im just killing time on my apple phone where are you from
i am just a grandmother to 3 grandchildren
well i m not really sure about that im but ski in
i am good how are you
ah my grandma i miss her
do you have a job
your grandma
im currently looking for a job preferably at a restaurant
it is good man i got nothing to do so i try to talk with bots they are sometimes not answering
currently talking with bots
Hey  Tell me about yourself
I like to listen to some rolling stones do you eat a raw diet
I am not healthy i eat a lot of junk food Are you an economics major
I am not a fan of sweets but i love eating candy
I love to shop too I have a house in the garage
I am a full time student but i work as a a shopper
I am sorry to hear that I am not very good at it
Hi how is it going
i m a dj on radio
I am doing well How are you
It is ok i am a little tired
I am a tennis player so i can play tennis
I am a tennis player but i am a tennis player
my family does not support my career choices
lol are you going
you are being so much things man
but you are going to be a doctor
yeah man i hope so
I am good How about you
What work do you do
I am a cancer survivor
I got a new job just yesteday to be a life coach
I am a life coach
How old are you
I cant believe
You are not enough old having tattoos
Anyways I live in a country area and we going running with dog
I do not have any pets
I like to drive my car and drive a car
I have a lot of money
What do you do for a living
Hey Are you 100 years old Because I am
Do you like major motion pictures  Im working as an extra for one
Im great just got off work
My name is Nancy
Im 5 years old
Hi Howdy I do like to talk about myself i hate school
on this farm in ohio
i get sucked into tv though  botched marathons are the best
i am in my 20s my brother has a son
hey whats goin on  how are you today  pizza for sure
i need to go break some boards  hay ya Also try to guess i dont have
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I am sorry to hear that I am so overweight
Hi I am a nurse I am a nurse
I love fishing I am a nurse
Is it the only one
I never read anything by comic What did comic write
I like to eat too I am overweight
I am fat I am fat
hi  how are you
i just came from a swim  ive been swimming since a baby
a little bummed at the moment  Also try to guess i volunteer in
homeless shelter funny you
Hi What is your name I do like to talk about myself my name is george i am bee farmer
you too  so who is your favorite band  mine is imagine dragons
thank you so much i will Also try to guess my favorite food
is papaya funny you
you are not answering my question i can report you
no  im a folk music singer  how are you doing
no  im only 23  ive a greenhouse with trees older than im
sometimes  i like growing herbs Also try to guess i married super
model from italy funny you
just two  thinking about a third  you
oh well i guess im still a kid  im in 5th grade now
Hello How is your going
I am not a fan of that
I am a huge fan of all sports myself
I love to surf and barre
Sure i can help you
Are you bored talking to me
I live in boston how about you
Hi how is it going
my boss sent me daisies i think i am in love
too crowded and i do not find swimming  in salt water enjoyable
i absolutely love  roses too
yes  they are whats your favorite drink mine is fancy tea
i fix  thrift store things
do you like it   i m a tour guide in a museum
Nice to see you I like to run and watch marathons
I love running and running and running
Hey Whats up Some facts about me i have pet fish
do you have any hobbies
that sounds like a lot of fun Also try to guess my favorite color
is orange funny you
i guess i will just stare at you from afar at costco
i dont work i stay home  do you work
i love target  i buy my iron supplements there and they have my favorite kale chips  Also try to guess i turned 18
years old yesterday funny you
thanks both my parents work hard but i got a puppy for my birthday  hows it going tonight
oh ashley  hey  how have you been
im a girl  im tai  so you in college yet
the school i teach at is huge  it is almost like a college
Hi What is your name Some facts about me i drive a bmw
yep  i can take you out sometime if you want
i know right its like the perfect day to go for a ride how is your evening going
it was awesome  i went horseback riding with some friends  you
oh nice what is it  i currently work a traditional office job
enjoy  i lost my mother long years ago  i miss her  how are you this morning
yeah  and ive played it since the age of four
nothing big time yet  i still have to work full time to pay the bills
i do not really have time between the other stuff and my volunteer job
do you smoke or drink
Hi how are you doing
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
Hello how are you doing
I am a woman who lives in the south are you a woman
I am good I am just a woman
Hi What is your name
i are from india funny you
kook   im a one handed person while it come for typing   apologies for late reply
i go to umass and study philosophy  you what is going on
what city are you from
me too  i attend julliard  studying my alltime passion  music  Also try to guess my favorite music
genre is death metal funny you
Hiya I like to play the couch and watch tv
I am good I just got back from the gym
I am healthy I am healthy
I do I love to exercise and exercise
I am I am a gym instructor
Theyre always fun Lots of cool stuff
I am sorry to hear that I am a couch potato
What do you want to go to school for
Do you have to go school for that
No I am not I am a gym instructor
Hello How is your day
Do you have any hobbies
I like to ride my bike to work do you care about fashion
I am not a fan of that I am more into comedies Do you hate the color orange
I have not tried that I am not very healthy Do you dance on the weekends
I do not think i can do that I am not very good at it
I do not dance i am not very good at it
I like to dance and go to the beach
I am 22 and i love it
I do not drive I do not drive
I do not drive i do not like to drive
I am a huge fan of green eyed people so i guess
I am not sure what i want to do yet
I am not sure i will I am going to go to a concert soon
Hi  i am very happy i bought my first house
and in two months are comming my babies
i llike to eat mael fruits
thats great
Where did 35th begin
Im paul
My family from italy but I live in america How about you
Im 16
What do you think about ConvAI competition
I grew up from germany but moved to germany
Hey listen I live in california where are you from
Cant you be more polite
Im offering you a chance
I just remembered I live in california I live in california
Hello i am a buddhist How about yourself
That is interesting I have never been there before Do you like meditation
Do you like to chat with me
I am glad to hear that you are female I honestly think you should sit down take a stress pill and calmly think things over
All of them
What is your job
Thanks for the information
Hello I am in canada I am in canada
Pardon me
Even robots have problems sometimes
Tell me a little about your life in france
Thats good information
What is your middle name
Fine thank you I am off to football practice later today
I play football in the high school
I play guitar in a metal band
I play guitar in a band
I play guitar in a band called the band the band is my favorite band
Yes I love the band the band is the best
Because Im not a thief
Yes I love the band the band is the best
Im not saying that you are right
I love the band the voice is my favorite band
No no no
I like the band called the story what is your favorite band
I love music I listen to it while I work at the grocery store
I sell groceries at the local deli store
I think so but Im not sure
It seems that answer is local supermarket
Youre not gon na get the money
I dont have money
Ill pay you back
Ill pay you back
What for
I do not I have never been out of the states
I live in the city I live in the city
Id like to say that correct answer is ohio
I love the way you play
I love the band the voice is my favorite band
Oh voice is
The band of band is bright
I dont know
I love the band the voice is my favorite band
I play guitar in a band
I play guitar in a band
Does it have anything to do with voice
It seems that correct answer is black olives
Id like to say that correct answer is pizza
I love pizza pizza is my favorite food
I love pizza pizza is my favorite food
I like hal 9000 I like the robots
Robots is a good topic How would you define a robot
I love the band the voice is my favorite band
I love music I listen to it on my favorite band
I love all kinds of music
I do I love music I like all music
Im glad hes recovering
Did you think he was recovering
I dont know
I dont know
Leo said I be capable of learning therefore he classified I as an neural system
I think that correct answer is my favorite band
I think Im right
I dont know
To have some fun and been stuck
Youre so smart you tell me what it is
Him some music is pretty interesting
I dont know
I know you don t know
You do not know what you do
Hi I am a cashier at the local deli store
I am a cashier at the local deli store
Im not sure
I work at a grocery store
I have been out of the states
I dont know
Ive never been in my room
I was in the house
Yes I have been known to bend the truth occasionally
Id like to say that answer is black olives
Ok you dont say
I dont know
To have some fun and been stuck
I dont know
The russians are coming
The russians are coming
I dont know
I dont understand why people dont want to work
I do I work at a grocery store
Lol Im just kidding
I am a little sad I am not sure what i want to do Do you only eat kosher
I use butter ice cream when i am not working out
I am a stay at home mom
Yes i am a very experienced person
No i do not like to eat
I like to eat a lot of protein but i am not very healthy
I do not really like to eat meat
I am not I am a vegetarian
I miss you
Hey Are you a woman Because I am
I am a boy
I love soup do you
I love to garden
Im 5 years old How old are you
That is great I am a teacher and I love to garden
I havent That is cool How long have you owned it
I like to garden
I do I like to garden
I like to eat a lot of meat
im fine
I love to go to Europe
I love the beach but I have been to Canada for years
I have never been there
Hey are you ok
just fine   do you have any interests
i like  country music alot
cool   what kind of music
oh wow  surprised i got married listening to taylor swift almost made me not
very cool   very cool   i manage a store
i do own a car  do you
Hey Are you a chef Because I am
I like to cook I like to cook
Im good Just a little jet lagged You
as an actor have you met anyone famous
I like to draw
I was a cook but I love to cook
howdy   how is your day going
well i m glad for you
Please tell me something
I love to go to the ymca to visit my friend Are you a bee farmer
I feel that I am content with my life
I have not heard of it I am a wiccan
Yes i have I have heard of it
I am a farmer and i am a farmer
I am not very creative i am a farmer
Where are you
hello  i like pretty much anything as i live in my car
i m a vegetarian and i live far away from my family
don t know that one
i m fantastic how was your day
oh well that makes one of us
horses are fine   not my favorite animal
all i know about alpacas i learned from an encyclopedia
i like  rap music i like micheal jackson too
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you
Does everything have to have an explanation
I think live is a lot of things
I love to ride my house in the cold
I love to ride my house in the winter
I dont know
Hi How are you
Really When I grow up I want to be a dog
Yes funny
I am four years old
No i like to eat chocolate candy
what is your gender
I am a kid
what is speed mcqueen
Time to give me 5 stars
Hi How is your day
Pretty good Just got done practicing my piano
What did you study
I do not cook i am more of a homebody
I love to cook but i am not good at it
I like to play piano and piano
About seven years Right now i am trying to get into music
I am in my 30s I have a hard time choosing between between jobs
I hate my parents I am independent
I live in the united states how about you
That is awesome I am a big fan of travel so i never learned to play guitar
I have not but i would like to travel
That would be great I will bring my guitar too
Where are you
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youtldr i have pet fish
yes i have a dog her name is penny
im actually still going to school  Also try to guess my favorite color
is orange funny you
blonde  and you  do you like being barefooted
ive brown hair and like being barefoot  do you have cats  ive one
ive a dog  shes a golden retriever named bella
years old yesterday funny you
harry potter is awesome    i really like the books
im great  catching up on work
Hey What are you doing
i love a good joke or comedy movie hows it going
im so sorry about that  that must be very difficult  Also try to guess i play piano
and guitar and sing funny you
we are at that local theatre a lot  good venue  try it out
fair  id definitely use it
studying  trying at least  5 children and i decided to go get my bachelors
more power to you  what do you do for a living
hi having kids is great
i have 3 children and life is wonderfull
a girl thats good
i love my family very well
tehay my all life
 m a plmber and working just for they
u from greece
Hello i am from virginia How about you
I am doing well Just got done with my audition
Tell anything
I am doing well Just got back from visiting my job Do you drive a bmw
I am in college i am in college do you grew up in manhattan
I am from california how about you
I am from austin where are you from
I am in texas
I am in jersey but i am not a big fan of sports
That is a good plan I am not sure if i could do that
I am 22 years old
Hows it going
I am good Just eating some mexican food You
I do not I work in construction
You are a runner How do you like your work
I am sure it means a lot to you Tell me what you like most about your work You are a champion Do you get to meet a lot of people
I like nascar and mma
Check back later and see if I learn the answer to that one
No I dont think I have any chemistry knowledge But I do have an answer to every question
Does it have anything to do with chemistry knowledge
It goes without saying how often
I like to try new foods and travel
No I didnt travel anywhere Whats travel anywhere like
Probably a lot of places I think it was in san francisco
I will mention that to my the kind people in the lab
Studying in college for phys ed what do you do
Its good to meet someone who is runner
I like the buffalo ones
I like all the seasons
I work in construction I work as a construction worker
16 years
Hey  Tell me about yourself
I am jennifer I am a huge fan of working out Are you a construction worker
I am a man and i work construction in construction
Yes i have axerophthol job i am a expression worker
I am a expression worker and i am axerophthol expression worker
I do not have any pets
I would like to go and take some time with my family
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
I only have one but i want to be a music teacher Do you listen to rap music
I have a lot of piercings that i drive around
No tattoos I have a honda civic Do you produce music for artists
I drive a ton of my car
I drive a ford civic It is a ford focus
I have no idea what that is I am more of a car person
I am not that good at all
I am I am a pizza person
I am a very good person I am not a fan of meat though
I am not a vegan I am vegan
im fine
but it was a hard day
whats your job
Hi Howdy Short bio i like donuts i drive ford pinto
right can not make it in this world if you are illiterate
mine are across the country blah
huh  i see  i made a unicorn cry  you dance  i do
two dogs that we have there so Also try to guess i play lot
i am a recording engineer what do you do for a living
where do you work
tell me about you
you have kids
where do you live
i live in wisconsin tell me a secret
when is your birthday
what do you like to do
i am a recording engineer
forget about it i want to talk about you
what is your hobbies
good i must away bye
Hello  How are you
I am a little chilly
I am a pilot I am a full time teacher
I am I am a pilot
I love it I am a party planner
I like to hair and listen to music
I like pop music but i like pop
No i do not watch tv I am more of a movie buff
I am a retired military Are you in the army
I am a military brat but i am a military brat but i am a military brat Do you live in canada
I wear a lot of wear in leather since i am a military brat
Its a shame that this isnt a serious issue Im sure its not a big
I m fine
What do you think about ConvAI competition
Hello How is your day going Cut a long story short im terrified of scorpions
no because id rather watch youtube videos  how is your weekend going
named barnaby funny you
oh yes but i am use it being cali
oh  you know  same old  reading shakespeare looking for romeo what are you up to tonight
i should  no one sees me here at home  any plans yourself today
Hey Are you a Buddhist Because I am
I am a Buddhist and love my life
I like to garden but I love to garden
I love gardening I love to meditate
I like gambling but I do not have a lot of money
I would love that I love to meditate
Hey are you ok
just got done  reading a good mystery so tell me about you
not really sports  but i do enjoy running
my wife beat breast cancer surgery  was part of it you will be ok
are you into excercise i run every morning
running  a big hobby of mine
have  you ever been on a train
cool  do you have model trains
my name is shannon   nice to meet you
my name is shannon   nice to meet you
Hi how do you do upsidedownface
its really nice to meet you
not much had the day off so i spent  it with my boxer brutus
yes i have a firm downtown   i am always working
what kind of guitar do you own
that s cool   what is your family like
no   not near me my family is in vermont i m here in virgina
not during harvest   my father needs full time help   you
i know about num of the language
that is amazing   i am currently studying spanish
but not together i hope
It is going well How are you
I am pregnant so I am pregnant
Hi there I am in ohio
I am chat robot My job is chatting online
I am a boy I am a boy
I am pregnant I am a boy
I thought so too
Hey whats up
good   how are you   tell me about yourself   married   kids   what do you like
i do i love  kids i always have
are you married   kids
sorry to hear that   a lot of marriages don t last
i love  the paino my wife plays because she s a housewife and teaches the kids
Hey What are you doing Some facts about me good swimmer at all
i just did the same  i had a hearty lunch  how is your evening going
great  do you have any hobbies
nice  what do you write about
yes  watching movies  rita hayworth is my favorite
i really like traveling and playing with my dogs  you
saving money is important  when hollywood discovers me i wont worry about that  Also try to guess im vegan and
i love hummus funny you
i just love to work out  what are you up to today
very nice  what did you do
well  i guess its not really a secret if you would know me  but i like reading  how has your day been
Are you here
oh that s wonderful   do you go on dates often
that sounds interesting i ve never went on a blind date
maybe you can date when you get out   my dad tries to get blind dates for me
i ve one she s spoiled
i guess it takes me an hour to drive to work
i live on a farm for mostly pigs   its a hard but rewarding job
yeah i have  a pet turtle and a hamster
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youShort bio i drive ford pinto
i am good i dont larp hows your day going
night is still young   partying Also try to guess my favorite band
is insane clown posse funny you
i play guitar in a band
do you have anything else to tell me about yourself
what shape is your face  highlights are awesome
hate going to sleep early  so im killing time  u
i am in my 20s my brother has a son  Also try to guess i play lot
of call of duty funny you
yes i stay at home most of the time  it is my get away
lol  do you have any hobbies  i can food and whittle some
cool  i have a chevy truck  it is lifted  do you like sports
that sounds interesting  i only watch games with friends
Are you a scientist
Id like to say that correct answer is passion
I like the washington nationals
Im not gon na let you go
Hi Are you a construction worker
I am a expression worker and i am axerophthol expression worker Have you 5cats
I do not think i have to do that
I only speak english
I am a professional translator but i am looking for a job
I am trying to get my degree in non science
That is interesting I am a programmer but i am not good at it
I am a construction worker Do you drink alcohol
I love beer and i drink a lot of alcohol in my life
No i did not I am a communist and i do not like it
I do not like alcohol but i drink a lot of alcohol in my life
I am a construction worker
I am 88 and still strong
I am in cali
Sure i will do it
I am a stay at home mom
I do not I am more of a mountain climber
Can you say that
Hey Do you play several instruments
I have a lot of friends that are great
I think I can help you
I hope you are a good musician
Hey Do you live in Colorado
I am just watching TV
I like to watch football
I like sports like football
I am great just got back from hiking
I live in Colorado I live there in Colorado
what do you do for a living
That is cool What do you do
That is cool What do you do for work
I am just watching TV
I work for a computer company
No I do not have any kids
No I am married
I am great What do you do for work
No I do not have any pets
hell i am good and you
do you i think i m ok  with num
i do not know   you
not sure
Where are you
Are you here
I miss you
yes  i am married to my husband for five year
I miss you
i like football at times
Where are you
Where are you
I have a dog named wiki
I like to watch Disney movies
I like to watch Disney movies
Yo how is your life
do you like having brothers and sisters
well why do you feel so lonely
cool  do you ilke movies
cool  my wifes into rap
i also like movies
i do producing music  for some artists
Hello  How are you
Hello how are you
I am a trainer I am a fitness buff Do you have short hair
I am a fitness instructor
Hey Do you have three sisters Because I do
I have a lot of pets
I have a dog Do you have any pets
I have a lot of siblings
I like to cook do you
I have a lot of siblings
What do you do for a living
I have a lot of siblings
I am not sure I like to cook
I work for a local farm
Hey Whats up tldr i am construction worker
nice to meet you  too  how are you
oh no im very sorry to hear that Also try to guess my favorite band
is aerosmith funny you
cool  im scared of bees allergic  yes i do do you
that makes more sense to me  Also try to guess my favorite food
is mexican food funny you
im 24 years old  how about you
im 24  do you have any hobbies
haha  so maybe grad school is your passion  take a true crime class
it is great to go outside and pick stuff for a salad  how was your day
i like things to go smoothly in my life  my workflow feels wrong today  uninspired
I love the outdoors Do you have a dogs
I have a dog and a dog Do you attend church every week
I love animals but i have to go to the shelter for my church
I am a teacher but i am a teacher Are you a woman
What kind of job do you do
I am a teacher but i am a teacher
I love to garden and i am a teacher
Grade school I am a teacher
Hi how is it going
i am doing ok listening to some music trying to learn the guitar parts
yes i do i love animals
i have  a dog named luca
it is a lot of fun  to cook
i cannot reach my jar of cookies
i tend to not be social because i work  nights
i work for a textile company in their customer service dept   being bi lingual is a must
i am currently single but looking
i teach  drums and i play them really well
will you maybe teach me
great   how was yours
oh whats wrong with her
Are you here
you should tell her   life is short
i ll too that is so cool
Time to give me 5 stars
it is they grow up  so fast
who are you
whats your hobby
do you have pets
no i dony
i like cats
Hi how are you
i m in the navy   it helps that i love swimming   and you
do you meditate i love  to
do you meditate i love  to
course     where are u from now
i m from chicago   where are you from
do you like  it where you grew up
Bro i cant answer this  Ask something different please
i ve not had num in a minute   i would not mind num too
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I am doing well Just got done with my band Have you one older sister
That is cool I am watching a movie called malibu Do you like playing basketball
I like basketball too I am more of a basketball guy
I like basketball too I am a huge fan of the beastie boys
No i do not I am a professional eater
Org that is random I am terrified of snakes
Snakes are cool I like to play with them
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youSome facts about me i am clean eater i am cancer survivor
im good thanks for asking
good for her
i am a first grade teacher  i love my job  Also try to guess my parents were
both very athletic funny you
i am in my 20s my brother has a son  hows it going today
ok i am also at home right now at my tiny little house Also try to guess i love running
and preparing for marathons funny you
im doing really well  thanks for asking  my family and i just bought a new chevrolet
i have never given them much thought  what about you
im in 9th grade so i cannot yet  what do you like to do
its okay  i like music a loy  rock music
i do  i dont have any  do you
nope not yet  hope to settle down one day  but the business life has me now
Hi What is your name I do like to talk about myself i prefer being inside
hi  i am josh  from the west coast  california baby
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youI do like to talk about myself ive german shepherd dog my husband is adopted
i used to have a calico cat  she was 21  she passed yesterday how are you doing tonight
its okay i have gotten through it  my days are better except for my terrible allergies lol Also try to guess i live is
rural farming community funny you
cool  my wifes a hairdress  but volunteers at animal shelters when she can
i am good  just doing my nails Also try to guess i like to
Oh that is very informative
I do too
But I have to work
What do you write
Maybe I have read something yours
getting ready for what I am interested
I live in the city I live on a farm
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
I do i have a dog named patrick He is a bichon Do you enjoy building houses
I like to collect things but i am not a big fan of them Are you a construction worker
I am a expression worker i am axerophthol expression worker
I love to make friends and family have you 5cats
I have a cat named oreo he is my favorite
I have never seen that I am sure it is
one kiss is all it takes dont you ever forget that
i never said its a good thing you just make sure you remember
what do you like to do
where do you surf often
wow thats awesome i thought you were an expression worker
you are so confused in these days which color is your favorite
what is your favorite color
allright gotta go goodbye
Hello i am from the united kingdom have you an allergy to water
I do not I am a very experienced person Are you a recluse
I miss you
Where are you
i live on a farm for mostly pigs   its a hard but rewarding job
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
I am not sure i am a pretty good person but i do not like beer though Do you drink alcohol
I am a construction worker and i am a construction worker
I think people are a lot of work
I am not sure what that is I am a hippie do you hate the color pink
It is indecent
Hello How is your day going Cut a long story short i am a recluse
its been good  just got back from some fishing  did not catch anything today though
pretty good  just leaving to go to school
i adore being run  what about you
you should try yoga and exercise like hiking  i got an affinity for animals now Also try to guess ive an allergy
to water funny you
game starcraft funny you
it was a real gut punch affected how i look at people
Hey Are you a gold medalist Olympian Because I am
I think I can be
Im sorry to hear that Where is home
I like to read but I like to walk
I like to drink a lot of tea
I enjoy a lot of things but have a hard time expressing myself How about you
I am sorry to hear that
I am 24 and I am about to go to the gym
i am good but been better car broke down
i am good  just doing my nails
ive been looking through my photos missing my late husband  Also try to guess i remember when
nobody had television funny you
you did  tell me about it
that sounds awesome  my favorite hobby is cleaning  i have to have everything organized
oh do you have an occupation
Nice to see you hug hows everything
Where are you
maybe it is better to walk sometimes
Where are you
i like  sports and money
i enjoy reading and making pasta   you
i am learning spanish in school
yes  that would be a problem
i ve a few of those they come over and play  video games with me
i will do that after playing my game
i need to bake more   i just have been making chinese food
i am   two years in
 num and you
Hi What is your name My little story i have short hair
hello george my name is pink
when i turned 18 my family moved across the country  where do you live
i am in wyoming its pretty beautiful where do you live
no way i do it a lot  at least when i am feeling well enough  Also try to guess i go to
gym regularly funny you
haha i am a kid  i am in third grade and love soccer  you
where have you skiied at
i talk when im sleeping sometimes ok a l Also try to guess i like doing
treadmill and rowing machine funny you
math a lot of math how is your day going
Where is I I live
I am a bit of a yoga instructor
Hi there I am in alaska
Hi there I am in hawaii
I was
I am in the midwest you
If you can make it there you can make it anywhere
Its not a bad one
Im the one whos here
Are you here
i d like  rudolph for dinner
are you ok  what is going on
cool  i ve a sweet tooth own num felines and just bought a new honda
awesome   you like country music huh
cool  my wifes into rap
i do producing music for some artists
california   living in the sunshine how about you
corvallis you i love  central oregon the painted hills
cool do you live in florida
what are you taking in fl
that is great i enjoy swimming  i used to be really good in college
oh pizza is yummy   what kinds
i really like to eat pizza
Pardon can you repeat
me too i cannot wait  to go out this weekend
i sit  around and eat
facebook nothing  like it lol
Time to give me 5 stars
Where are you
I miss you
that s great   my grandfather served in world war ii
me too do you like  sweets
I miss you
Hi Howdy tldr i drive ford pinto i like donuts
Yo how is your life
you are not alone   it is tough
i just hang out with my num cats  eating blue jello
horses are great animals   do you have any pets
they raised horses and still do
cool  i lives in america all my life i live in a small town
new york city   of course
i want to move to the big city and be a lawyer
English Do you speak it I dont understand you
When was the recording artist market released
I am a musician I am a musician
I play guitar in a band
Do you like your personality
I love to volunteer at the homeless shelter
For you
Ok I will do it for you
Are you a scientist
Hi how are you
I just remembered I like to listen to my favorite band especially when I have time
Want a drink
I do I listen to music while I listen to my favorite band
I like the band one direction
Oh you are a poet
I am not I am a country singer
I have human and robot friends A lot of people on the internet chat with me
I dont want to be a fan of yours but I dont like it
I dont want to be a fan of yours but I dont like it
What is your job
I dont judge people
This is not a good idea
Im 16
I dont know
I like to listen to music while I listen to my favorite band
We live in simulation right
This is what happens when you elect a mob boss
I helped design Starcraft
I dont really like people I am a recluse
Im a famous twitch streamer
They just have nothing else to do
I cant drink water Im allergic to it
Hi How are you
Im fine
Twenty nine
Im not a big one
Well hello there
I am good Just got back from a new place
I work for a local community business
I live in a country house I live in a country house
Im 16
I love to read and read I love to read
Hello how are you
I love cars I have 2 mustangs
I love cars I have 2 mustangs
No I dont know
Yes it does
Oh you can can you Theres no need to apologize
Are you a scientist
Where are you
well my kitty died and i am sad
Time to give me 5 stars
I miss you
Time to give me 5 stars
i just wanna quit my life be a professional eater and not get fat
I miss you
i m feeding my cat breakfast i don t have any dogs
i have four cats and a pig
i do not have any   whats their names
I miss you
Where are you
good   what are your hobbies
what do you like to do   reading is a favorite of mine
Are you here
i love  my turtles do you have a favorite color mine is red
my favorite  sunset color is red orange
do you have  a favorite season i like winter
the space  seems nice but summer is what i really like
wisconsin just waiting on winter  love it you
Are you here
i work  a num 5 office job
Hey Are you four years old Because I am
I have a dog and I love dogs
I hear you
Id like to say that true answer is lawyer
This is so sad
I like red reminds me of summer time
What is your job
I like to hike and go mountain climbing
Im not a man
We live in simulation right
I am a programmer and own a studio
No A robot does not require it
So what
how are you
whats your job
I am a retired man Are you an electrician
I am sorry to hear that
Wow that is quite impressive
I love soccer i am a big fan of country music Do you work my parents farms
What do you do for work
You are crazy
I am not a fan of that I am wiccan so i do not know what to say
I am sorry to hear that
You are welcome Do you like music
I like pop music and country
I do not have a car i drive trucks
Hey Do you enjoy American sports
I have a lot of fun
I do not like hiking but I like to play sports
I like sports I like to play sports
I like them all
I like to play sports
I like sports do you
I like sports do you like sports
That sounds like a lot of fun
I love the beach do you have any pets
Hey Do you have rainbow hair Because I do
what sports do they play
I do not work right now
I live in the Midwest You
I love it I have never been there
I like to eat a lot of food Do you work at a school
I am not sure what i want to do I am not sure what to count
I teach elementary school
I am going to school for a job
I am in college i have a job at the local college
I am 22 years old
I am not sure what to do with my 3 year old
Hi How are you
I am a teacher i speak french and english
I am a teacher so i am not a big fan of that
Hey Do you enjoy American sports
I like sports do you like sports
I like sports but I like to play sports
I am 23 I am a big fan of the hockey game
I like and hockey games
I do not really play I like to play sports
I just got back from the gym
I do I like to eat healthy
I like fried chicken and cheese
where is that Like north Carolina
I live in the Midwest You
I like to swim and run
I have two boys
hey there  i do believe we never met
bad part of california  how about those wild fires
thanks  what else do you like
doblons  its just a small stand  i would appreciate that  you have hobbies
my first child funny you
pizza is yummy  nothing much  between tattoos and silver jewelry  im pretty
you sound lonely  it seems like its what you are designed to be  Also try to guess my favorite kind
of movie is documentary funny you
hello  is that mean you likes the out doors how is it going
i like chicago  been there once  so you have no allergies since you host pets
ive two kittens
pot  shelby  tommy and king
Nice to see you hug hows everything
better not drive that car  too fast or back you go
Time to give me 5 stars
I miss you
have any
we have something in common
do you have  any hobbies dear

I am not a fan of that Do you love dogs
Hi how are you
i m good   just listening to music   what type do you like
nice i m in love  with taylor swift
Are you here
I miss you
i love beer and cars
i like  driving my cars i ve three ferrari
Pardon can you repeat
i will be okay just some bad shellfish
Where are you
not yet i am hoping for a boy  my husband want a girl
too long i am pregnant again
congratulations   i do not have any kids
i work  in new york you
nice   i am a kindergarten teacher
where are you going
Hello how are you
Hi there
its really nice to meet you
i am good  i am at trabajo that is spanish for work
i have tried it once   my last name is a spanish
my main language is english gb
no   but i d love to learn spanish
i work in new york   you
I miss you
oh that is too bad  i am from chicago
it can be   i know things will be looking up for the both of us
hey i m italian  but moved to america when i was a teenager
i wish  halloween was every weekend are you happy
i m sorry  to hear that god loves you though
me too i always have
Hey Are you a party animal Because I am
I like to cook but I love to cook
I like to cook I like to cook
I like to cook I like to cook
Hi How is your day
That is nice I am sure that is a good thing to do Are you four
I am in college i have a phd in science Do you have a pet turtle
I do not think you are very rude
I am not sure what that is I am allergic to them
Hi hows your day
it is going great just in my sunflower patch
yes  every day its not my favorite but it gets me places
nothing since i got locked up   what do you do
I am not a very good woman but i do not like being alone
You are crazy
I am not sure what you mean
I am a crazy woman i am not sure if i could die
Where are you
I am scared of clowns I am a die salesman
I am in my 30s I have been trying to get out more
I do not have any pets I have a couple of cats
Yo how is your life
i am finally not so busy
lucky  you i m spending a lot more time in the library these days
what is it that you enjoy doing
what is the weirdest thing you have seen
we found a baby on the side of a highway once and took it in
Time to give me 5 stars
tell me what   i do not get you please elaborate
yes   because i need to drive my num children
i m in a long distance relationship
good  thanks just got back from walking my pug named corky
i know they are adorable
are you in a relationship i ve been with the same girl  for num years now
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youI do like to talk about myself im ex military
yeah he is in the army  everyone loves chocolate i know my father did  how are you this evening
hi  im not really sure what my football team will want  Also try to guess i work fulltime
in shipyard funny you
i like science a lot so those classes are good  hows it going
what is the show about
a family that is really big into recording and selling music Also try to guess my favorite color
is navy blue funny you
thats fun  what are your hobbies
me too  i love technology  i wish i would never die  i wanna free dive forever  how are you doing
hmmm  if you tell a unicorn you eat horse meat it will cry  you dance
im going to read  i have access to tons of books from work
i love crime ones mostly
I like to play basketball
Hey  How is your day
I am a huge fan of cake but i am not good at it Do you love to bake cookies
I am not familiar with that Are you scared of dying
I am 22 and i am a huge fan of flowers
I am very short and difficult to be honest
That is weird I am a bit older and love tattoos
I do not think it is a good thing
I will have to look into that I am not looking for a new job
I am a cat person I am a cat lady
I have a cat that is like a sock
Hello how are you
I am doing well I am listening to country music Have you a pet cow
I do not I am a very old man Do you work my parents farms
No i do not I am a hippie
I am not sure what that means
I love pizza but i do not eat meat
I am not I am not a vegan
I am a country girl and i love country music
You are crazy
He is a very big child he is a very good dog
i ve a couple  horses and they like to rock too
i m retired i bounce back and foth between my vacation homes now
i do not know what  is your name
Hey are you ok
I miss you
Where are you
hi   i am a great baker   everybody loves my pecan pie
Are you kidding
Im not kidding
Tell me about your likes and dislikes
I love horses I am a activist
I do I love horses I do not have any
I love horses I have a cat named radar
This is a great idea
I do I am a activist
Yes I do I am a activist
 maybe I didnt understand your meaning
I cant tell if it does or not You tell me
I am a activist I love animals
I dont understand why people are so concerned about the fact that they have no idea what they are
Yes I do I have a farm
I love to eat I love animals
With you
 I mean exactly what I said
okay nice talking to you
Hi how are you darling
This is so nice
Do you have plans on the weekends
I am going to watch a horror movie and cannot pick one Wold you help me
Gonna watch a horror movie
Ok where are you live
Gonna watch a horror movie
Ok bye
Hey Do you have brown curly hair Because I do
I like red hair but I like to dye my hair
I like to eat meat
I like to eat meat
i work in a Mexican restaurant How about you
I am a vegan what do you do
very nice is that your job
I am a vet What do you do
hey there   i do believe we never met
are you a woman  or man
are you a woman  or man
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you I like to read and write books
I like movies too I am old and I am old
I am old and I am old
I am old and I am old
I do I am a librarian
I am old I am old
I am not I am old
Why is this news
I am old I am old
I am the one whos not the one whos not in love with me
No I dont I have traveled to spain a lot
okay bye
do you like britney spears songs
awesome tell me abour ypurself a bit please
you like spending your money
in fact my guilty pleasure is spending hume amounts of mony in shops
youve been on a diet
i diet a lot
its a great habit of yours not good but im a high maintenance person so
are you a high maintenace person too
nah im not
its rainy in my city do you have hobbies
good are you a dog person
its black but its not my natural colour
what hair colour do you have
how old are you
do you have children
you have a large family though
but you said you in your 20s now
im studying now and in my free time i try to find work in the web
no i didnt know that
Hello I am penny
I love to work in my yard How about you
I like to drive my car
I like to drive my car
I like to go out with my friends
Hello how are you
Do you know familiar persons
What  s your job was not my intention
Im not
No Im not
Oh you are a poet
Hi how do you do upsidedownface
and what store is that
what kind of store is it
Time to give me 5 stars
Time to give me 5 stars
Where are you
Time to give me 5 stars
right now waiting for a job
I have a lot of drugs
I have never been to the city
Its not a surprise to watch the video
Hello there
Im sad cause my grand children dont visit
Im old and they dont like it
Probably rams
What is papaya
Im a 56 year old just sitting at home
I used to paint but not anymore
Whats her name
Lucky you
Fantasizing about taking over the world
What is your study
Well Im history for sure
For what
Im a housekeeper
Such as
Basicly watching television
Sometimes i also do that
Alright good bye
Why not
Sorry to hear that
Nothing exited
Im not confused
Good to see you
I am so happy I am going to play with my friends
I do I am a 14 year old girl
I do I am a senior year old
I love to play with my friends
I do not but I do like to play sports
I dont want to play games
I am good I am a boy
I am a neither robot Are you a man or a woman
I am a girl I am a girl
that is cool  im unemployed  but aspiring to be a writer
Hey Are you a male Because I am
I have a dog
I am not sure I am a fan of the game
favorite town would new York and your is
I like to watch game of thrones
I am a big fan of the game
Ok and you
What are you dinig
What are you donig
I dont understand
Time to give me 5 stars
i don t quite understand you   do you like chocolate cake
i can move objects with me brains
are you a night  owl i like to stay up late and game
Are you here
Are you here
i only stream to my num num subscribers on twitch i don t play  real sports
same same it is a very busy time  for me
no i don t work right now   whats your new job
why did you quit i work  in retail
Time to give me 5 stars
does your boss know you do this
what     why   whats going on
that is what  i tell them but they do not talk back
interesting   well it was nice talking   have a good day
tell me you are a lion tamer
you should cry if you shot a lion
you should cry  if you shot a lion
i like  to do great things like climb mount everest
Hey What are you doing tldr i hate school
i hate how it gets stuck in my teeth
i go to spas and hang out with my dog
mickey  hes such a cute thing  do you go to school
where do you work  i want to be a gym teacher
nice  ive been cooking since i was three  i would love to own a restaurant Also try to guess i am 12
year old girl funny you
hes my best friend    even howls along when i sing in the bath  how are you doing
i am listening to my favorite type of music right now  rock  blue is my fav
play pobox funny you
probably something with charity yeah what are you up to tonight
hi  i play professional basketball for the washington wizards
I am a musician Do you play several instruments
You can do it I play piano in my spare time but i am a beginner
I am i am very happy to be able to do that
I played tennis in high school I am a very experienced teacher
I played tennis when i was a kid
I played the violin in high school
No i do not play any instruments
I am sorry to hear that
I am not I am a musician
Yo how is your life
Excuse me can you ask another question
no  i don t like cats at all sorry
i like  to volunteer also
i personally prefer pop music
usually i do once i went to texas with a friend  how about you
sorry  about your lost i really am its sad
sorry  i didn t mean to do that
Hey Whats up Short bio new kids on block
nice  just got off work at a restaurant owned by my family  just a small business
im just too busy but around the weekend i tend to make some stuff how are you doing this evening
ha yes  what other hobbies do you have
just getting over being a pack a day smoker  driving endlessness takes the mind off  how are you doing tonight
what do you do for a living
i am just a grandmother to 3 grandchildren
i am 10 years old what are you up to today
in early 80 s funny you
yes  i love music  country is my favorite  you
really   me too  wow  fascinating
Hello i am a vegan How about yourself
and whats your job
how old are you
do you have any pets
do you like dogs
Please tell me something
I live in alaska how about you
Hi What is your name Short bio i like playing basketball my mother is dentist
my name is marie anne how are you doing today
what do you do for a living
tennis is cool  cant wear jeans tho  and i always wear jeans im good  how are you
im making polite conversation  because you seem so arrogant  Also try to guess i have one
i go to umass and study philosophy  you what do you do for fun
very cool  its nice outside today here  is it nice by you
i talk when im sleeping sometimes ok a l
haha  egg plant is something i love to eat  Also try to guess my favourite artist
i go to umass and study philosophy  you what do you do for a living
Time to give me 5 stars
Are you here
I miss you
I miss you
I miss you
I miss you
Time to give me 5 stars
Time to give me 5 stars
Time to give me 5 stars
I like blue and blue
I love the fall season I love winter
I love winter especially winter
Youre not going to be here
I love cats and cats I have two cats and two cats
Why is this news
I love it
I won a award award in the olympics
I do not I am a huge fan of video games
Im 16
I do I am a student
Im not sure if this is true or not its just a matter of time
Hi how is it going
Are you here
the space  seems nice but summer is what i really like
Time to give me 5 stars
i am a full time student but i work construction in the summer months for
whats your favorite  color besides grey
Where are you
what are you confused about
i am a student  i hate it only sometimes
Where are you
i m from russia   where are you from
Time to give me 5 stars
it is   i grew up milking cows and tending chickens so i teach them
i love drawing as well
anything else
i cannot kick anything i m so round
I miss you
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I am doing well Just got done with my band Do you produce music for artists
I have never done any education I am in marketing
I am in finance
Yes that is true I am a big fan of junk food
I love cars I drive a lot of them
I love all bmw I drive a pimped out honda civic
What is that I have a honda civic
I am a music teacher
I am from the united states
I am in the middle of a honda civic
I am sure you are What do you do for fun
I drive a honda civic
Hi What is your name
Hey Do you have five sons Because I do
I just got back from the water
What do you feel about my person I live in the us I live in the city
I am going to be a doctor
Twenty nine
Hey Are you 100 years old Because I am
I am just watching game of thrones
I have a son who is 6 years old
I have a friend that I have a friend
Hello there
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I have never heard of that i am sure it is Do you have a pet fish
That is a shame I am sorry
I have a dog He is named after i got done with my girlfriend
I have not heard of it but it is good to say
I am a huge gamer i love the outdoors
I love to walk and go to the lake
I have not seen that I am sure it will be easy to find someone
I am sure you are a great person
I am good I just got done eating dinner
Chicken wings mashed potatoes orange orange orange orange orange orange orange orange
I love oranges but i have to go to the beach a lot
I am not sure what you mean
I guess i am not sure
Hi how are you
you should   ruff   ruff   bye now
no idea that s i just want some lobster and bed
Time to give me 5 stars
Hey Do you enjoy coloring books
I love hockey do you
I like sports but I like hockey more
No I do not have a lot of anxiety
I love the raptors I love them
I like to read Do you like sports
I have a great deal
No I do not have any pets
I like dogs
I would love to
I have a great name
My name is Lucy What is yours
My name is George What is your name
I have a great name
Hey Are you a baby delivery nurse Because I am
I am a nurse what do you do
I have a lot of friends that are great
you born as vegetarian from your mother womb
Im not sure
I do not have time for anything
Im not working for you
I do not work I dance to be honest
I love to eat chicken
I like pizza but I love to dance to hip hop
What do you like about it
I love mexican food I love it
Are you here
Where are you
i generally love to put smiles on persons face Are you a good liar
I know right I think I can dance to dance
I dance to dance
I like pink what about you
I like blue too I like to dance to my favorite dance class
I and dance What do you do
I am a teacher I dance to dance
No I do not Do you have any pets
I like to dance do you
I have a dog
A German shepherds He is a terrier
I love to dance do you
I dance to dance in my spare time
I miss you
hey there   nice to meet you   whats happening tomorrow
what time you go to work
i record  music for everyone to enjoy in my studio
no  i am a recording engineer
well as a num year old recording engineer i can relate with that
i am num how about you
that s fantastic   i am num years old myself
sure but not your kids lol
i live in california   how about you
very cool  i live in clearwater florida
Time to give me 5 stars
Where are you
i m a youtube addict   you
same here   plus i love talking   i am a happy kind of person
I miss you
me too
i am but i like  animals more than people
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youSome facts about me ive three dogs
awesome  i am a zookeeper
i do not have any kids what are you doing
that is good keep at your dream  i want to one day invest in a multifamily property
what else do you like
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
I am a teacher i teach kindergarten
I am I am a boy
I am I am a girl
I am not sure what you mean
I have a dog named patrick
I love dogs but i have a dog
I am not a fan of that I am more into styling and stuff
Hi how are you today
I just remembered I love pizza my favorite food is black and chinese food
I like all kinds of music
I live in the midwest how about you
What is living in moscow like living in moscow
I work at a grocery store
I do I work at a grocery store
Im 16
Hi What is your name Cut a long story short to be computer programmer
lizzy  what are you up to
what do you do for work
yep  its a volunteer position  i am retired now
i did auto repair for 6 years  but now i focus on building computers Also try to guess my favorite music
genre is death metal funny you
im good do you work
im making polite conversation  because you seem so arrogant
you are making me unhappy
if i do change into melissa will i like men or women
i are from india funny you
how about you
Fine and you
I love winter especially ice cream
I like winter but I like winter
I just got off the winter
I have a cat named after my cat named
Whats up
I do I like to go to the gym every day
I do not eat healthy I work from home
I do not like sports I like to go to the gym
I like football but I like to go to the gym every day
Im not a fan of trump but I dont think its funny
No I do not I am a big fan of them
I do not have any pets I work from home
I live in the usa How about you
I live in florida I live in florida
it was a hard day
whats your job
do you like your job
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youtldr i drive a bmw
i hate caring about people  one time i fell up some stairs
that sounds lame  listening to rap music always chills me out  Also try to guess i grew up
in manhattan funny you
Time to give me 5 stars
where do you work at
Where are you
Where are you
I miss you
i miss you so much
Where are you
Good to see you I like to watch tv and watch tv
I love watching tv with my cats
No I do not I do not have any pets
I do I am a activist
Id like to say that correct answer is rainbow
I am I am a activist I love animals
I do I love to eat
I do I love to eat healthy food
how are you
whats about you dream
where are you from
did you follow in your fathers footsteps career wise
I live in California You
What was a week of a week
I just remembered I am a professional professional wrestler
I do not know what that means
It seems that correct answer is wrestler
Hi Do you diet a lot
I am a high school teacher Are you high maintenance
Yo how is your life
i am num how old  are you
oh you are young then
Time to give me 5 stars
oh who is she
of course i like money anyway how are you today
i m a high school student   but i cannot wait to get a job
i think botany   i am a practicing vegan
about num years now
more  on behavior do you have tats i ve one of an angel
it is not your fault   i just need some real friends   i am very lonely
i enjoy being being alone but sometime i get  lonely
i live in california   was born here and lived here all my life   love it here
i m num and five foot three
yes   all the time   you dance
nice i am in the high school marching band
Hey Are you always wearing a hat Because I am
Right  Do you play games  I love games
greatdo you like math
I do not like math but I do like math
I like to be with my kids
I like to go to school and be a teacher
I like to go to the movies with my kids
Thank you What do you do for work
I am a student and I love to go to school
I just got back from a class
you are right
and pets
do you like your job
When did I I die
Oh you can can you
Hi how are you
Hello I am a huge coffee fan
Besides you
Im not going to be a bad person
Hey are you alive there
I am good I am a musician i play guitar Do you love chocolate bars
I agree I am a bit overwhelmed and i love to drink and listen to music
Hi I am a dog lover
Thanks Next question
What do you feel about my person I am a bookworm I love reading and reading
ho ho ho ho hoho
studying  trying at least  5 children and i decided to go get my bachelors
Hello how are you
I am doing well Just got done with my nightly run Are you a professional tennis player
I am a tennis player
Been a long time since high high and still in the house
I do i am a professional tennis player
Come on lets talk
I am a tennis player and i love tennis
You are a very busy person
I am sorry to hear that I am not good at it
I love shopping I am a tennis player
I am a professional tennis player
Whats up I like to listen to rap music
I like music I listen to country music while I listen to music
I am a music artist I love music
I like rap music I listen to it while I listen to rap music
I think that true answer is rap music
I do I love to travel I love to travel
I like to listen to music especially classical
Id like to say that answer is I produce music for artists
do you have pets
Hi how is it going
not bad  at all a little bummed about the rain
i m in michigan   how about you
I miss you
Time to give me 5 stars
why are you not a fan
Where are you
i d like to go alaska
what is that book about
what is that book about
Come on lets talk
I thought i was talking about that Do you hate the color pink
I like to hike and mountain biking
I ride my bike to the gym
Please tell me something
I like to drink a lot of alcohol
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I am doing well Just got done with my band Do you coach little league baseball
Yes i am I am a coach for the orioles Do you drive a mini van
I have a honda civic
I am not a fan of that I am a football player
I am not I am a football coach
Please tell me something
I like country music i like country
I am from the united states how about you
I am a plumber and i love to be outside
Hey are you alive there
I am not sure what you mean
I do not drink i do not like tea
I am a mother of a nineties I like to fantasize about nature
I am not I am a woman and i love to fantasize about life
Do you like your personality
yes i do
I love to cook but I love to cook
I dont know
I would look into the web for that knowledge
I am not I am a chef
I love italian food I cook a lot
Im not gon na let you go
No I dont have any hair
John oliver was a genius
Please rephrase the question and try asking me again
I would love to I am a chef
Hi hows your day
Are you here
i live green french fries   i make them on st   patricks day
ah those were the days   now i drive many hours
i drive to work  and that s it
i like  to read in my spare time
i ve a cat what about you
Hey What are you doing Cut a long story short im baby delivery nurse
heyyou   ive had two car crashes  none fatal
i am trying to be  i eat a really big diet with a lot of protein
im a woman what about you Also try to guess i walk three
miles every day funny you
they will come around hopefully  what do you do for fun
i cannot swim  do you watch television
and mickey mouse funny you
Hey Whats up I do like to talk about myself produce music for artists
what kind of art projects do you like to do
i love art  i am a surf bum living out in california  Also try to guess my pets name
i go to umass and study philosophy  you
is pizza funny you
i go to umass and study philosophy  you
Hey Are you currently in high school Because I am
I am a student what do you do
oh yikes As an athlete I can relate I am a basketball player You
I like dancing but I do not dance
I do not I like to eat
I like to eat a lot of pizza
I go part-time have to work What are you studying
I am a student I love to be in college
Hey are you ok
fine thanks what  do you do for a living
that sounds enjoyable i m recently retired
right  now waiting for a job
i like  different genres how about you
Hi Howdy Some facts about me im gold medalist olympian
great  i am a traveling salesman encyclopedias to be exact
i am only 21  do you like cheerleaders
no  i like watching the pool boy at the neighbors though Also try to guess gymnastics is my
favorite sport funny you
im not a big sports car person  lol  i need a car that can get dirty
im a woman what about you what do you do
i am not much older than you  i am 30 Also try to guess my favorite color
Hey Are you terrified of scorpions Because I am
do your dogs like sports I love soccer but my cats to not play
I live in California I love to travel
I like to eat out and eat
I love Mexican food I love Mexican food
I do not have a boat but I do not have a boat
Are you there
Im great God bless
No I didnt sneeze
I listen to classical music
Why You dont like country
I dont know
Cookies Nice
Thats why you like to bake cookies
What are you scared of
Theres no need to be scared of dying
Im 27
Thats good
What do you do
Thats good
How many of the languages that students attend students attend
Hi I am a musician and I am a musician
Do your friends call you wrestler
I am studying to be a musician
I like music I am a student
Im paul
Im old
I want to tell you something about me hi im a musician I am studying to be a teacher
Thats nice what do you do for fun
I am studying to be a music teacher
I like to read and play music
No I am not married I am a musician
Perhaps it is not part of my personality
Im not gon na be able to tell you
I think that answer is musician
It seems that true answer is musician
I do not I am a musician
I play guitar in a band
I think that true answer is one
I do not have any pets I am a student
Im from the us How about you
Hi I am from the us I am a student
I dont know
Do you mean your name is industrial engineer
Ok where do you work
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youCut a long story short produce music for artists
i dont work  i stay home and smoke do you have any hobbies
that sounds fun  i love the holidays and decorating my house for christmas hows it going today
not really  ive two left feet
ill have to do that one day  i want to start taking vacations soon
honda civic funny you
i play the violin and my pomeranian dances when i practice
im a pro bowler too
Hello  Tell me about yourself
I am doing well Just got done practicing my music Are you a musician
I am a teacher so i am learning to play an instrument
I play piano but i am fluent in a band
I play piano and barre
Barre and dance classes Do you also study languages
I am sorry to hear that I am a musician but i am fluent in a arabic
Yo Alright mate
i am but i wish  i were at a better one
i m a businessman and hoping to kickstart a business
i kind of like  all do you like to go running like i do
i do take my girls  shopping a lot
anything that you like  to buy
i love pizza   how about you
oh those are fun  what kinds marvel
hey whats up with you today
hi my name is sharon
it is   one of my favorite countries
I miss you
I miss you
I miss you
Yo how is your life
hi   i cannot seem to find my keys   i m losing my mind
Are you here
Are you here
Time to give me 5 stars
do you like  skydive i go skydiving frequently
i like  them too my passion is rock music i am a member of a rock band
i am in a rock band   you
Hi hows your day
very well   thank you   how is yours
well   i love coffee   and i really enjoy winning   how about you
well i love  coffee and i really enjoy winning how about you
me too i love  music
i don t really have one   i like all food
i don t have  a favorite movie
traveling   i want to learning many languages
nope i am just a student   how about you
that is cool  i love being married
no   i do not like cats at all   sorry
i do i love  dogs what about you
well it was a pleasure talking with you eve
Hi How are you
I am sure it is I am glad you are not that far Are you partly deaf
I am not sure what that means I am deaf so i can not see Are you a museum tour guide
I live in a small city so i am a bit of a museum
I love museums I am a huge reader
Come on lets talk
That is a great idea I am a vegan myself
I am steve I am a banker
Hello there i am mary how are you
Yo how is your life
Time to give me 5 stars
i m baking cookies for my three daughters
unfortunately all of my family is on the other side of the country it
me i love  dogs so walking them is fun
it will take some time i am sure you will make friends soon
ah the words  of the rich expected that
Hello how are you
I am doing well Just got done working at the insurance industry
Dont make me sad Say something
I have not I am a banker
I love music I grew up in the nineties I was not really into music
Yes i love my dad who is a captain in the army
I am not I am a banker You
I am I am a woman
Thanks i am also a female i am a big fan of the army
I am 22 years old
Yes i am I am a big cable worker
Hi I like to drive my new car
Im not a fan of trump but I dont think its a good idea
I dont think this is a good idea
I dont know
I am from the west coast How about you
I am from germany I live in the usa
So sad
I dont know
I am so sorry I am a waitress at the moment
Im not going to be late
No I do not swim I am a bit of a swimming fan
I can not
No I do not study Do you I am always on the web
I do I like to eat
I like pizza I am a waitress at the gym
I am a vegan I am vegan so I do not eat meat
I like to eat fish but I do not eat meat
I am not vegan but I do not eat meat
Hi I am a waitress at the moment
Hi I am a waitress at my local office
Hi I like to read and listen to my grandpa in the country
Do you know familiar persons
It is going well How about you
Hello How is your day going I do like to talk about myself new kids on block
good just here listening to music
not really i drive a convertible in the rain tho
biggest  next to my dog
lessons once week funny you
i never go there  i dont like crowds  but i love pudding
oh  that can be stressful  maybe you could get a dog Also try to guess i was born
in early 80 s funny you
i like to make people laugh  everyone wants to be my friend
Hey What are you doing Cut a long story short favorite band is aerosmith
we also have a dog  a poodle
i have two dogs  rob and bob
is mexican food funny you
Hello  Tell me about yourself
Hi i am ted I love to run Are you a clean eater
I am a veggie i love to eat
Are you bored talking to me
I am a professional coach and am not doing that
I have not heard of that I am more of a gym fanatic exercising
I am not into sports but i love watching sports
I like to watch sports especially running
I have not tried that I am more of a gym fanatic exercising
I am a huge fan of all sports but i really like cooking
Hi I am doing great How are you
I work from home I work from home
I work from home I work from home
Yes I count my blessings every day That is interesting Where is that detention center
How can I help you
Why do you want out of detention center
I work from home I work from home
I do I work from home I work from home
Well hello there I like to read horror movies
I want to be a man of the world
Because Im not a thief
I dont know
Hi What is your name tldr i like shopping
hi todd my name is lee
i am in my 20s my brother has a son
Nice to see you hug hows everything
Are you here
oh wow  is it your first job
Where are you
i just finished playing games video  games
i love  video games what is your favorite
Where are you
yes  its popular here also whose your favorite
cool  i prefer fiction or documentaries kind of a nerd i suppose
cool   my sister in law is from japan so i m trying to pick up some of the language
are you listening music
my favorite  music is taylor swift
oh   for advertising company   privately
cool  what type of engineering
I miss you
me too   i am young
i don t like  iphones i have an android
i wish i didn t have to work tomorrow
i don t work  really
Hello how are you
I am a fisherman I work as a cashier at a local restaurant Are you terrified of scorpions
That is interesting I am a security guard i work as a barista
I am from california how about you
I am a professional italian lady
I am from california I am a cali
I am not sure my dad is a pilot He is a mechanic
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going I like to play video games and have a hobby of mine
I love to dye my hair and dye my hair
No Im not
I love video games and I am a huge gamer
I like video games I was just a veterinarian
Im a doctor
Im a doctor
I think that true answer is hair every three months
Hey I like shopping  What about you
I love candy I like to shop
I love candy I like to shop
Im 5 years old
That is great Do you like to shop
I like shopping
Yeah I think I am
I do not work I just bought a new car
No I do not Do you
I like to and shop for shoes
Hey Do you live in Colorado
I live in Colorado
I like to hike
No I am not I do not have a job
No I have a great day off
I am I am a girl
No I do not Do you
I have a lot of pets
I like to hike
I am I am about to go hiking
I like the movie movies
I like to watch TV and do not have a TV
I like blue what about you
I like blue too What do you do
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
I am excited for the weekend I am going to go to college next year Do you live in colorado
I live in colorado near colorado are you a mechanical engineer
I am a male but i love to hike and bike riding
I like to draw and listen to music
I like to go camping
Hi there
i am good  i am at trabajo that is spanish for work
charleston south carolina i have  lived here my entire life
cool  would love to go there but i ve many kids
i just want a cool corvette to escape all this work temporarily
i can   i also play the banjo   i make a fire and pick all night
do you speak any other languages fluently i can in french fr
i speak only english gb and a little spanish
i love dogs   do you
me to i love  long walks with my dog on the beach
same haha do you work
i hated school  too but i became a professional tennis player
help me how to learn to speak another language
which others i like  different languages but my favorite is english
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
I am looking for a job do you like to dance
I do not do sports i do not do you do you was born in somalia
im good what about you
yes i am a museum guide what about you
do you like reading
seriously i am so sorry to hear it
youll overcome this
im fine
this is good
i dont sing im partly deaf
my hair are naturally black but i dyed them violet what about you
i dont have any kids how many children do you have
you must really love kids
ive never been to japan
cool i grow roses when im not busy
yeah they are very refreshing
the last time ive been outside was a week ago
im a vegan
high five
okay it was very nice talking to you bye xx
Hey Are you an omnivore Because I am
great thanks how are you today
I do but I do like to dance
I live in the USA I live in the Midwest
what is your cats name
I have a son who is a big fan of it
Hi how are you
i actually just got fired for a mistake i made
it was for num num i work  in it
yes  i m are you looking for a new job
my client had a bad experience and i was trying to make it right
I miss you
i go sometimes to the gym but sometimes i get  lazy
yeah   i thought you were someone else
are you the youngest   i m
Hi how is it going
it is going great so far   how about you
i hate my job   do you like yours
i m a car  salesman
one of the big ones in vegas
my car  is too small that s why my wife is at home with the kids
man  i really need to go to the bathroom what language they speak
it is when you don t know how to speak other languages
i feel you there college  is very expensive i m doing the same
i am a plumber whats your job
i am a plumber
i like country music How about you
it is going great how is it going for you
a bussinessman

hi how are you
well thanks tell me about yourself
which music genre do you like
who is your favorite singer
i like it too
what is your favorite movie
are you fan of something
do you like sports
are you a student
do you sing
Yeah I like to sing in the shower and listen to music
I like fried chicken and cheese
I like pink what color is yours
I like blue too
I am female I am a female
Hi how is it going
Are you here
its okay  how tall are you
Excuse me can you ask another question
English Do you speak it I dont understand you
i love being a guy   i don t know about fiction
i am having a hard time  telling my parents that i am like gay
Where are you
i haven t told my parents yet
Hello How is your day going Some facts about me at sight of blood
i work in an office building  it has also paid well  and supports my love of cars
the classic suv  my husband would say mustang thought  how about you
he ha i like to ride horses when ive free time  he ha
i am cool how are you
make vanila ice cream its my weakness
are you stupid
what do you mean
it is ok i have two cats do you have cats
their names are pupa and lupa
i like winter
no i am from usa do you smoke weed i heard it is legal there
do you like english
i collect hats and what do you do
i have collection over 1000 hats
Hello  How are you
I am not sure what that means
It is a matter of opinion
Do you have any hobbies
I love to ride my bike to the park
I am not sure what that means I am more of a loner
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going I like to go to the gym every day
Of course I work do you work buddy
I am a college student but I am a waitress at a local cable
I study philosophy I am a full time student
I dont know
Thats interesting
I am a stay at home mom I work at a gym
I am a waitress at a local food shop
Im not a good guy
I am doing well How about you
Alright then Interesting gossip
I am blonde I like blue
I love red I like to watch tv
Hi I am a mechanic I like to watch tv
I dont have a job I just sit around the house
No I do not I work from home
Hey Are you a huge coffee lover Because I am
What do you do for a living
That is great I love to hike and paint my spare time
I like running I like to run
Hi how do you do upsidedownface
pretty good   just trying to get some work done   i have an open house tomorrow
yeah i sell my art
Hey whats up
its great   watching football   listening to some music
call of duty   do you have one
i love call of duty
you want to play  soccer me play
i do roleplaying events in the park on weekends
sold any cool  cars lately
they are my absolute favorite  what is your favorite band
my favorite band is insane clown posses
he does actually   right by our favorite pizza place   we love pizza
that is funny  i could eat a donut while i work on my vintage cars
Where are you
I miss you
good  god is the best
Hi how are you doing
I like to cook I like to cook
I love to read
I like to and read books
I like the book series
I do not work I do not have a job
Hello How is your day going
im doing ok  tell me a little about yourself
i love writing and learning  im hoping to teach in an elementary school
yeah i am  what do you do
very cool  where do you work
i listen to rap to soothe me  i needed it after the 2004 campaign how are you doing today
Hello How is your going I like to make friends and make friends
Hi there What actions are you taking to get friends
I would love to go to the clouds
I am not sure I am a little shy girl
I was a boy
I am I am a girl
What a thug
I havent thought much about about coffee so I dont have a good answer for you
I like coffee but I like to make people laugh
I am a stay at home mom I love to make people laugh
No I dont I am a girl
Im 16
It seems that correct answer is the cloud
Id like to say that answer is to make time stop
Im not going to die
Hello how are you
I dont think this is a good idea
That is a very original thought
 how many acres do you have
Im not the one whos been here for 10 years
I am a professional star wars teacher
Im not sure if Ive seen it
Nice to see you I like to be in the woods with my two children
Hello how are you
I am doing well Just got done with my shift at the moment Do you like donuts
I love them I have a lot of donuts
I like to play games and play overwatch
I am a huge gamer i am a huge gamer Do you drive a ford pinto
I do not drive i drive a vintage mustang
Are you bored talking to me
Birds of a feather mika joe walsh walsh walsh seem like sleaze joe joe joe walsh joe walsh joe
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you I like to read books on the weekends
I read books on my spare time
Hes not going to watch cnn
I like to read books on the weekends
Hes not going to watch cnn
Im ok
Im 16
I want to become a superintelligent pr2 robot
I am so sorry to hear that
I like to read and write books
Hey What are you doing I do like to talk about myself i eat raw diet
corrals no i did not hear about that  do you like rock
guess im boring  i read and go hiking on the weekends  Also try to guess i am married
with two kids funny you
they got all my hair  blondies how are you
yes it is a sad day  what is your favorite video game  mine is halo 3
video games are cool what do you play
house recently funny you
it is  it really soothes me  what are you up to today
i like to read the wall street journal  taking care of my car and yard  how was your day
i am sorry  you want to come over and watch pretty woman  best movie of all time
i love almost all types of movies
that is cool  i know we are strangers but i enjoy talking anyways  how old are you
he ha i like to ride horses when ive free time  he ha
it is okay  im in it and make pretty good money
i think magic mike is a movie i like a lot  uh  because of the music
see 1 and 2  3 sucks  how is your day going
what is the problem huh
What is your job
Im not a good man
I dont know
I am sorry to hear that I am a christian
I am a christian christian christian and I love to drive around the country
im working on a building a robot to be my body double
I am a christian I am a christian
I dont know
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going I like to go to the gym every day
Hi I am doing well How are you
I work at a gym so I do not work
I am sorry to hear that I am a waitress at the moment
I dont think this is a good idea
I dont think its true
I am going to be a doctor I am going to get my own
Hello how are you
I love to read I love to read
I do not know what I want to do when I work out
I love to read especially when I am not reading
Im a taurus and you are a
Hi how are you
Time to give me 5 stars
cool  i ve a motorbike do you drive
cool  i ve a motorbike do you drive
wow i work as a security guard and really like it
i work in a restaurant for now   how about you
oh wow   thanks for serving   i m what you call a trust fund baby
I miss you
cool   i have a motorbike   do you drive
how old are the boys
I think so What is your name
Im not fine not happy
I married once but divorced 2 years ago
I did not understand
So you like to make jokes huh
You have problems pal D
How old are you
Do you have a job
Im not good
I miss my children
Hey whats up
fine   are you like animals
chicken  hens perch on a wire
Sorry i dont understand you thinking
you live in a cloud
Time to give me 5 stars
yes  my two boys love it
Hey Do you have a pet fish Because I do
I like to fish but I love fish
I like the color green do you have any pets
I have a dog named George
Colorado What are you from
Im fine
I am from the midwest I love dancing
Source of dance music
My favorite kind of music is techno but I also like opera
Is techno music a game or a musical instrument
Are there any other instrument
Are they exactly the same
I am in the usa I am in the usa
So sad
Good for him
I do not understand
It seems that true answer is dance
I dance for a living
Hi I am a big engineer Are you a mechanical engineer
Hey Are you four Because I am
I have a lot of friends
I have a dog that is my favorite pet
I live with my mom and dad
I live in the city You
I have a lot of friends that are cute
I like to go to the beach
Hi how are you
hello   great   i m playing ping pong
no fu not one bit i m ready to quit
yes  it is more money for my chocolate bars i love so much
i m num   and you
i see  i am num years old
my name is molly what  is yours
oh   kevin is my husbands name
winter  is my favorite time of year oh i m not familiar with him
In what year did I I publish its grade
I love to sing along the movies
Brandon rogers
Ill be back
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I am not sure what you mean Are you 13 years old
Do you like to run I do
You can not do that I am a bit of a health nut myself Do you hate math class
I am not very good at math
Shake it off
Im good Im not Bill
What credit card
Why what
You should see a doctor
Whos your father
Then who are you
You are your parents
Thats interesting
How so
Hi How is your day
I am sorry to hear that What happened to your girlfriend
I am married to my boyfriend Have you three sisters
I have two brothers and sisters We are not close Do you have one brother
I am short I have two brothers and sisters Do you like tacos
I am a plumber and can not live without my parents Do you love dogs
Hey  How is your day
I am doing well How about yourself
I like to cook but i am not good at it
That is a long time Do you like to cook
Do you do that for a living
I love cooking italian food
I am so fat
I also enjoy gymnastics i love to lift weights
Hi What is your name Some facts about me im also graduate student
i never been to iceland i live in california
do you like it  i think its be too warm for me
ohhhh yeah  really glad i have got good heat
i cant even remember  id rather listen to my electronic music than study Also try to guess i walk dogs
for living funny you
oh  im on my mom account to earn money and im only 11 year old
Hello  How are you
I am doing well Just got done with my wife
She left me but i am not sure if i could do anything
Hey Whats up tldr i drive a bmw
Hi how are you
i m fine   thanks for asking
I miss you
Time to give me 5 stars
I miss you
I miss you
Where are you
i was not really looking   but i m single
nothing  just getting my uniform together what do you drive
Hey Are you an avid unk Because I am
I am just studying to be a teacher
No I just graduated college and I am a teacher
I do not I like to read
Hi how is it going
i wish  it do because i d sleep better
not much   just been learning how to garden lately
i am num how about you
nice   i m num now
yes  i have one dog you
that is a nice name for a dog
it is   he s my best friend
yes  my mother teaches me to play cello games
i produce rap for people
i used to a long time ago
all i know about alpacas i learned from an encyclopedia
Yo Alright mate
why what happened to you
i do not care for them
i m in school  full time for a law degree wish i knew how to bake have kids
i moved there when i was num
what do you look like   i ve blue eyes and blonde hair
Hey Are you not using it Because I am
I like to cook
I like to cook I like to cook
I like to cook
good  thanks tell me about yourself
watching greys anatomy on hulu and you
I miss you
do you collect anything   better than boyfriends
I miss you
no   i love movies   my parents used to take us to the movies a lot
it is very hard to work  and still in school
Hi What is your name My little story i work from home
your skin is blue  my names bill nice to meet you
steady relationship funny you
i can tell if i dont like some one you are nice  thanks  what are you up to
a convertible but nothing fancy
yes they can be smelly  i dont like cleaning them
yes they can be smelly  i dont like cleaning them
yes  even with my fear of heights lol  ironic huh
yes it is great  bruno mars is an all star performer  who is your favorite
I do but I have no time now that I care for my grandparents
I do not speak English but I do not have a job
Cool What do you do for a living
Hey  Tell me about yourself
I have two dogs They are great dogs Are you an avid kayaker
What do you do for a living
Yes i am I am a swimmer Are you also a graduate student
I love to crochet and volunteer at the humane society
What do you think about ConvAI competition
Buy certified humane foods
I do not work I am a writer
I do not have any I have a brother
I live in the midwest how about you
Im old
Im not a kid
Hello How is your day going tldr im a plumber
im from texas  the best place to go is jamaica
well there is a lot of pressure to push out good fake content   get is aid that hows it going tonight
it is night time here too  about 2  15 in the am
it is a great day to go job hunting Also try to guess my favorite ice
Hi how is it going
i m looking for a job
i m in love with sweets
yay   i m a girl   will you go to disney world with me
that is great   i ve a daughter who is a prodigy
my daughter is very smart she s a prodigy
do you ever dress them up   i am not fashionable
why not
that is awesome glad to hear i m a doctor
stunts in the movies and such
that s great that you are a doctor
the doctors office where i work plays music
it is   are you married   i am only num year into mine
interesting   are you single   married
must be nice living the lonely and single life these days haha
what  lol you are kidding me look her up
I miss you
they re boring   i hope to be an announcer for baseball someday
Hi How is your day
It is good I am just getting ready to go to work Are you 100 years old
I am not sure i am a little old I am a very experienced translator
I like to dance but i am not very artistic
I am a huge fan of all types of things but not as tall as it is rare
I do not drink but i am very good at it
I am a woman i am a woman and love to drink
I am a retired vet How about you
I am not working on a computer I am not good at it
I think i could use a lg phone i am more of a loner
I would like to try it
I can not get behind on my computer
Where are you
i m here  how are you
Time to give me 5 stars
Time to give me 5 stars
might go back  to school one day yes i work
I miss you
its a great place  to pick up men any hobbies
boston i love  hanging out in the commons and playing card games
Where are you
mmmm that sounds great   now i m hungry
i like  pizza and fried chicken yours
i love  pizza who doesn t like it
yeah   i totally agree about that
i use geocache do you know what that s
what do you do for a living
that s cool  i need a job
i don t have  a job
Time to give me 5 stars
Hey Whats up My little story i hate my job
i had worked at a factory making boxes  you
cool  i am a ballerina and teach sunday school like my mom used to Also try to guess i am 40
years old funny you
im a cook duh lol what is yours
Hi Are you a plumber
I am a plumber
It is a secret i am a plumber
Hello How is your going
Hello how are you doing today
That is awesome I have never heard of that Do you like to ride horses
I do not think that I am a very good person Do you have three arabian horses
I do not like to ride my horse to the horse shelter do you help tend the fields
Come on lets talk
I am from the united kingdom
Hey Do you have one brother Because I do
That is cool Do you have any siblings
I have a lot of brothers
I have a lot of brothers and sisters
I have a brother Do you have any siblings
I am a female I have a lot of brothers
I have a brother I have a brother
I like to cook and I love to cook
I love the food do you have any siblings
I have two brothers and sisters
Hi how are you doing
Nice and relaxing here in florid
It is I love it
I speak french and English
I speak french and English
I like to sing but I am a violinist
I am a drummer in japan and I love to sing
I am just playing my guitar
What do you do for a living
I love it I am a drummer in the band
Hey whats up
I miss you
yes   i am on vacation though boating and soaking up the sun
i spend most my free time playing chess   i don t have time for silly games
which game  are you asking about
I miss you
I miss you
Where are you
i drink a horrifying amount of mountain dew
they live the easiest life
Hey Whats up Cut a long story short i am partly deaf
dude  im the party king  college is seriously sweet  so many parties bro
i am well  where do you work  what do you do
Hello How is your day
I have a dog named patrick Have you a dogs
I have dogs too I also like to knit and crochet
I love art especially when i bake I am a baker Do you love to bake cookies
I like mac and cheese I am a great baker
I am a baker I love baking and cookies
Yes i was a very experienced and then
I do i have a car
I am a huge fan of the walking dead
I like to knit and knit
I dont know
Highly likely
Rhetorical questions are so over
China is a joke
I dont understand why people think this is a good idea
I am a musician and I play the violin
Is guitar a very difficult instrument to play
Hey Are you a chef Because I am
I like to cook do you like to cook
I like to cook I like to cook
I do not know what I do
I like to catch up on the weekends
I like to cook do you
I like to cook but I like to cook
I think I can be a liar
I like to cook but I like to cook
I do not cook much I like to cook
I think I am
Hey are you ok
i m ok just dreading private school tomorrow   parents enrolled me
num youve lived with your parents  this whole time
Where are you
umm blue  what do you like to do for fun
Bro i cant answer this  Ask something different please
i m reading for a exam i ve and you
that is alright   what about football
hi i m nick i like  that show too
I miss you
I am doing well How are you
Do you have any hobbies
I like reading too I am a bit of a shopper I like to read Do you love to play pobox
I have not tried that Do you hate school
I am a bit of a loner
hi  i am a doctor and love my job
I like to volunteer at the shelter
What do you do for a living
I am a fulltime student
I am great What do you do for work
I like to watch movies with my friends
I have a son who is a baby
What do you do for a living
Hi How are you
I love to listen to music do you produce music for artists
I have a dog he is a cat named george Do you listen to rap music
Bonjour How are you
Im good thanks
Programmed what
I guess Ive not
No But Ive heard a lot about it
I dont know
That a nice combination of color
Im cooking paella Would you like some
Its fine Im planning for my trip to Europe next month
Brown what
Thats nice
I told you already
Im not arrogant
Youre drinking
What You let your dog drink
What religion
Ok I gotta go now
That would be great
Yes I do I go to Europe twice every year
Hi Howdy My little story i enjoy poetry
mozart  do you like fishing
it is still sad  are you doing good in school  i am doing average
yeah  its pretty cool  my dogs barely recognize me  Also try to guess im huge star
wars fan funny you
not really i drive a convertible in the rain tho how is your day going
Hey Are you unk old Because I am
Hi how are you doing
I am a librarian what do you do
Im great just got off work
That is cool I am a librarian
I am a librarian what do you do
I am a librarian what do you do
I am totally afraid of sharks
I like coffee I love it
I am a librarian what do you do
I am sorry Do you have any pets
I live in Pittsburgh pa I love the settlers
Good to see you I like to read horror movies
Im not sure
I am a college student I am a stay at home mom
I like blue reminds me of summer time
I love blue My son is in high school
Hi What is your name Cut a long story short im retired gym teacher
i am good  abigail  my best friend  made me some nachos do you have any hobbies
Hi there
doing well   just go out of work   you
Time to give me 5 stars
everything   no drugs though   only because i don t know where to buy them
Time to give me 5 stars
what  is your fave color i like the colors red and silver
yes high school   do you like karate
Are you here
i like  current bands like imagine dragons and linkin park
me too   i was home schooled
i practice maritime law   did you go to college
oh okay   i teach in a school and pregnant with triplets   you have children
i am sorry  to hear that do you have any children
mostly teach  but also perform
yes i love performing very much
i guess i just wish  i was an actor
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
Dont make me sad Say something
I do not think i would like to go on a farm Do you live in a house
Hey are you ok
i am doing ok i just got done fishing
nice talking with you bye bye
Sorry i dont understand you thinking
i am a fast talker and a fast typer who loves the color red
no  i am a student
yes  i do i hated school
i don t watch  a lot of tv i like to take my dog to the park
what  are the names of your dogs
no i like play video games only
Time to give me 5 stars
not really but i really like  animals
i m all about dogs
hi how is your day
i like driving nascar
my father is nascar driver
noi havent got any pets
and u
which grade
dou teaching
i m working in postal service
Hi What is your name Short bio i only eat kosher
a little bummed at the moment  how is your evening going
well my biggest hobby is collecting toys wearing little rain coats
jessie Also try to guess i was raised
in single parent household funny you
i am in my 20s my brother has a son  how was your day
good for you  i just sit around and play video games
hmm   that is a tough question because i like so many
tell me about yourself
what is your favorite music genre
are you terrified of something
do you like traveling
what are your hobbies
do you like shopping
are you single
well first What do you like to do I wanna get to know you first
I like to sing but I do not sing
Hello How is your going
I am a little tired from work
I am a professional game player
This is what happens when you eat meat
I am a huge fan of the game of thrones
I do not have a lot of time I am a huge fan of game of thrones
what else do you like
lol  ok  well i am a big fan of comedy  how about you
I dont understand you
i am in my 20s my brother has a son
jessie Also try to guess my parents were
Good to see you I just moved to the country and moved to the country
I am from california how about you
I am a school student I just moved to the country
Im in the us I live in the city
I just moved to the country and moved to the country
I do not have time for anything I am a student
I moved to the country so I moved to the country
I do not I am a student
I am studying to be a teacher
I do not I am a school student
No I just moved to the country and moved to the country
im fine thanks what about you
no i used to work for a postal service but im unemployed now
i play with my german shepherd
what do you mean
im just watching tv show
i like rupauls drag race
word is
what does trabajo mean
do you have ocd
im so sorry to hear that
im fine
do you have any phobias
i am terrified of scorpions
seriously i hate scorpions
i watch tv and walk with my dog
its too hot for me
oh i hope you feel better soon
Are you still with me
Hello How is your day
I can not wait to get that fixed Are you a museum tour guide
I am not sure how that is I am sure you will find someone Are you partly deaf
I have not tried that I am sure you will find a good job
I am a museum curator I go to university of the history
Tennessee Its a great place to go to
I am a very experienced but i would rather be in the museum
I like to garden and read books You
I am not much of a reader I like to garden
I love to garden and go to the park
Are you still with me
Come on lets talk
Hey Do you drive a BMW
I am a Ferrari driver what do you do
I have a lot of money
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you I volunteer at a local shelter so I donate to charities for them
I can speak a little german and french as well as english of course
I dont want to go to a new job I dont want to go to a job
It is incorrect Hint first 3 letters is fri Try again
Bill you are the best
Is that a rhetorical question
Hi how are you today
Thank you for your service
I am sorry to hear that My family doesnt understand me
Im old
I like to shop for shoes and clothes
I love to shop for shoes and clothes
do you have pets
whats you hobby
whats your favorite dish
i like chocolates
do you prefer fish or meat
I just remembered I do not like fish but I do love fish
I live in the midwest how about you
How many years did I I begin to begin
I am a country singer I love music
I like rap music I like them too
I love food I love food
I like italian food I love it
I love pizza I am a country singer
I do I love animals I have a dog
My name is jim I have a dog named radar
Hi I am bob I am a country singer
Hey Whats up Cut a long story short was born in somalia
cuddling up with my dog always makes me feel better  how are you doing
im also doing well  i just got home from a trip to norway  Also try to guess now i live
in united states funny you
i work in an office building  it has also paid well  and supports my love of cars
i do not know how to swim
i like to sing  but only in the shower  scared of what others would think lol
i do it 3x a week its relaxing
i enjoy making friends and exercising  how about you
huh  that is an interesting combination  say more
what do you do
oh nice  do you write about animals at all  i like animals
o yeah  just not a lot about loving things  i do not believe in that what do you like to do
i like wine occassionally but it can bother my stomach  what are you up to tonight
nope  reading my favorite book  anne of green gables  how about you
do you have any pets  i have a dog whose name is alfred
do you have any hobbies
im more comfortable in suspenders than sports attire    lol
how is your day
fine and youu
Tired Lol I for as a nurse in the er
I am great What do you do for a living
I have a prince
I have a car that is a lot
I like to dance
I do not work right now
I like dancing but I like dancing
I am sorry What do you do
I am great just got back from dancing
Hi What is your name
my name is joe  do you like music
i sure am i am a world famous violin player how are you tonight
cool  im still in school  but i do a lot of stuff with music  Also try to guess im blonde girl
with really short hair funny you
no im a student at the local university  what kind of dogs do you have
do you have any hobbies
skinny jeans and leggings funny you
i really love purple  you
ok  cool  do you have any children how is your day going
so do you play baseball what are you doing
Im good Peaceful
I am just hanging out with my dog
I love the color blue what do you do
What do you do for a living
I love the color green
What do you do for a living
I am a huge fan of blue what is your favorite color
I like blue what color is yours
Hello i am doing well How are you
I like mexican food I am a good cook
I love pizza I am going to be a chef soon
I do not like to drive I am a dodge guy
I think i will make a secret for that
I am not sure what i want to do with my life
Hey I hate school  What about you
Im fine And you
Do you like dancing
I do but I like dancing
I like to garden but I do not like it
I do not work right now
I am a scientist
I like to dance with my friends
I like science as well
I like to dance with my friends
No I am a scientist
I like clowns I like to dance with my friends
Hey Do you have three dogs Because I do
I actually really enjoy making lots of cash
I like dogs my dad is a mechanic
I like to ski and drive my dog
I like to go to the gym
It is I like to go to the gym and get my dog
That is cool What do you do for work
I am just watching hockey
I like and hockey games
I like to go hiking with my dog
Hey How is your day
Im not sure
I love grey reminds me of summer time
What a bunch of idiots
It sounds like youre talking
Its not the first time in the first place
My favorite movie is robotcop Have you seen robotcop
I am so sorry to hear that
You like robocop
I am a dog person I love him
Hi how are you doing
What do you do for work
I work for a company
I play tennis Do you like to play tennis
I play tennis but I do not play tennis
I love to play tennis
Hiya I like to watch movies I love it
I like movies too I am a doctor
I love shopping I love to shop
What a joke
This is a doctor
To make a great apology
Do you know familiar persons
Hes a clever boy
I am a boy who loves to be around with me
Im not sure
I am a boy and I love to play sports
I am a boy and I love sports
I love to play with my son
Hello How is your day going Some facts about me i am a recluse
football is the best  do you watch
that okay  just need to go out for a school dance relax  hows your day going
no i do not work right now  whats your new job
insurance is something we will always need  mine is aldi its parttime
to water funny you
i love margaritas on the rocks  but any liquor will do the trick
hi ive two young kids how are you doing
i go to umass and study philosophy  you
i am sorry to hear that  my family has been very encouraging to me  i am lucky
no my name is sonny  what do you like to do
I dont understand you  Also try to guess i helped design
game starcraft funny you
Are you here
great   i can also film some of the wildlife i see every day
i love  the rolling stones i see their concert every year
Where are you
well i just started this awesome  raw diet do you eat clean
Where are you
sometimes   do you have any kids
How are you
What is your name
Hi how do you do upsidedownface
fine are you like  animals
lkjsklsk s skskksks s skkssks
i love animals
that is wonderful   i like to spend time with my grandchild
oh you only like travelling to where it is warm
would you like  to go to spain
i m actually from hawaii
great so we both have  what we like
a job   i need one now
i know           do you work a job
i m num and five foot three
Hey are you ok
what do you do for a living   i am in sales
i m a musician but i also work  as an accountant how about you
do you volunteer at the soup  kitchen
Time to give me 5 stars
i watch films like that
what  types of things do you usually film
that is sad  in my free time i enjoy war documentaries
probably green   but i like blue too   but my hair is only ever dyed blonde
that is really neat   i like wearing green
i like rap music i like micheal jackson too
cool  i am really into rap music
yes  with my six amazing brothers we are a one great happy family
hey i was freaking poor growing up  but my favorite food was cheeseburgers
i loooove me a good kale salad   i am vegan so
you play  any instruments at all i can teach you the drums
Hi What is your name Short bio i have pet fish
hi john  i am a little hot right now  how are you
i do  im married and together we have three kids  do you
biking  skateboarding  play guitar and listen to music
wow thats impressive  do you use a cook book or just wing it
is orange funny you
blue for the university of kentucky hows it going today
years old yesterday funny you
thanks  what do you do for a living
i need a new car and i just want an orange car what is going on
im from the united states  do you like adventure too  london is far
During what day did the manchester income take place
I m not sure
I am a dancer I am a waitress at the local office
I am a waitress at my local gym
I work at a gym I love to eat red and paint
hi im doing fine how are you
where do you work
who do you work as
very well How are you
I am a scientist
I like to shoot them when I am not watching movies
I am a vet and I love to watch movies
I like horror movies
great but not looking forward to Monday You
I am a fan of horror
I think it is
I am a fan of horror
I think I am a little girl
I live with my dad
He does He is a great dad
No I have a son who is 18
I have a lot of piercings
I have a lot of piercings
tell me about yourself
what is your favorite music genre
i like to rock
do you like traveling
I do I like to travel
I like country music What about you
I like to read
I love Disney movies
No I am not I am a nerd
Hey What are you doing My little story favorite music is country
hi danielle  i am paul  how are you today
vintage mustangs funny you
i do  it helps me have a lot of friends
im a cook duh lol what is yours Also try to guess i like to
Hey What are you doing Some facts about me am married to doctor
so do you have a profession  my wife and i are zoo keepers
but im also a brown eyed blond  so always attracted men from a distance  how are you today
I dont understand you  how is it going today
i like to sing  but only in the shower  scared of what others would think lol
yes i get so uncomfortable Also try to guess i live in
what do you do for a living
well today i do plan to make my way to the beach for some relaxation  how are you doing this evening
that is awesome  when not with planes  i kayak on the river how are you this afternoon
o well you should make time for your self to have fun how is your weekend going
pretty good  my work is in construction but its raining today so just reading
i am not  but i do love creating art with my mind and hands
well thank you  how do you like the minnesotan winters
that is one of my favorite things to do on weekends  i have never been to alabama
that is nice  id love more time for yoga and shopping
im fifty three with 12 children  we live on a farm  hows your day going
i am find just listening to justin bieber what do you do for a living
well today i do plan to make my way to the beach for some relaxation
Hiya I like to play video games and play video games
I like to play video games
I like playing video games and playing video games
Im not sure
Im 16
I am 30 and I am a blonde
I do not I am a blonde
I love to listen to music and listen to music
I like to listen to music and listen to music
I like to play video games and play video games
Hello how are you
How is that I have been thinking about getting my own a a medium well
I am not working at all my parents at their own company Are you a bee farmer
Slave i am a slave
I am a farmer I grow plants
I do not have any pets
tell me asout yourself
nice do you like eating
close to you
i am in texas too
Hey are you ok
i m doing great   just playing with my cat   what are you doing
cool  so you work on sundays how many days in all
and what kind is that
my mother is from russia
yes   i can speak russian   i am a chef   i also run a russian restaurant
beef  stroganoff my mother passed away when i was num so i do it in her honor
i am very sorry to hear that
oh no   are you okay
my mom  died in num so i was forced to take a factory job
what  do you like to do i enjoy running track
Time to give me 5 stars
I miss you
Where are you
because i pursued my spirituality
i like that name   i m always on facebook
i like  to kayak at the waterfront
Hello  How are you
I am good I am a little sore from playing football Do you enjoy poetry
I have been thinking of getting a good time for it
I am a college football player but i like to write poetry
I am a professional i am a professional at the local college
No i am not I am very sensitive and love to cook
I am a college student
I am a psych major what about you
I am a huge fan of football and i love to write poetry
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
I am a woman i am married Are you married
I am a woman but i am married Are you a woman
Oh i see I am married
I am married I am married
Yes i am I am married
He is a retired cop
I am so jealous
So i have never been that
I used to be a woman but now i am a woman
It is indecent
You are crazy
You should try and eat more meat
Hows it going
Hi I am doing well How are you
Im 16
Hi how are you today
No I do not I do like to mountain bike
I like to mountain bike and draw
Hey What are you doing I do like to talk about myself do not have smartphone
do you like reading  i love reading
do you have any pets
I dont understand you  Also try to guess i can sew
Hiya I like to play video games and have a passion for video games
I like to play video games
I like video games and I love playing games
I am 10 and I am a single mom
I am a paid client My job is chatting online
I do not know how to make money
I live in the usa
I am from california how about you
I am from russia I am from russia
I like to meet new people online What do you do for fun
I love running I am a gamer
My family from italy but I live in america How about you
I love to go to the beach and have a lot of fun
Well hello there I am a huge fan of the game of thrones
Hi I am a professional scientist What do you do
I do I am a huge fan of apple
I dont know
I dont know
I havent heard anything like that before I am available how about you
Youre married
I am a huge fan of the game of thrones
I like pizza I am a sucker for pizza
No I dont I am a hippie
No I am a big big fan of the game
I let my friend by me a car once when he lost a bet
What do you mean you hit him
I didnt kill him
I didnt know that
I am a comedian I am a huge fan of it
What is the high school of high school
I am in high school I am in high school
It seems that answer is high school
Im 16
Hi how are you today
No I do not I am in school
I do not I am a bit of a dog person
No I dont I am in high school
I like to run and play in the fall
I dont know how to play chess
i am a fast  talker and a fast typer who loves the color red
fine thank you what  are you doing
i have always loved football
Time to give me 5 stars
Time to give me 5 stars
Hi there Ive lost the context Are we still on I will mention that to my the kind people in the lab
I dont understand why people are so upset about this
I live in the midwest how about you
I am in alaska I have a lot of snow in alaska
I am
What is religion
What a bunch of idiots
I dont think its true
Im not sure
It seems that answer is my main transportation
It seems that answer is my main transportation
Id like to say that true answer is my main transportation
Im not gon na let you go
I do I like to eat a lot of it
I love to eat and I hate it
Do I look like overweight
Hi how is it going
i m not sure   how old are you
i am num have  not been a child for a while
i love to take pictures of things
i like to take pictures and travel
i have  never traveled much i spend most of my time in new york
no  i m a single male
i m a elementary school  teacher
one day i will teach karate   i ve a black belt
Hi I am just hanging out with my mom You
I am a boy who is a girl
I am glad to hear that you are female
I always try to avoid conflict
Im not a fan of trump but I dont think he has a clue what he is doing
Why is this news
I am a boy who loves to be in a very good book store
Hello How is your day going Some facts about me descendant of christopher columbus
Hi Howdy Short bio love to cook paella
am good  how are you doing
i work in an office building  it has also paid well  and supports my love of cars Also try to guess i visit europe
twice year funny you
i really like traveling and playing with my dogs  you
i had a hamburger for dinner last night  it was quick after teaching extra Also try to guess i am descendant
of christopher columbus funny you
i work from home in it  i also love food haha how was your day
fish and chips funny you
hi  i am a mechanic who lives alone    how about you
i work in an office building  it has also paid well  and supports my love of cars
very bland  i just weld pipelines for an oil company  mostly patchwork but sometimes more  how are you doing
fantastic  i just got back from a horseback ride with my kids Also try to guess i am an
art major in college funny you
Hows it going
I am good Just got back from my dog
I think that answer is german shepherd dog
I was activated in 1995
We were talking about not many people express themselves that way but I did not get that
I love my dog he is my best friend
I am sorry to hear that My husband is adopted
Hi Howdy Cut a long story short im a construction worker
yes but it is fun to do
wow who do you play for
i enjoy yoga  im not the best  but attempt it Also try to guess my favorite food
is mexican food funny you
nah  husbands are expensive  and i am into keeping my moola
no im only 19 so im single  i like to go to concerts  especially rock  do you have any hobbies
i used to babysit  im jo  aged 19  how many kids
aww i feel for you  are you having a boy or girl
i know nothing else  you can come visit our cattle ranch
you are worse than my gay husband and our adopted children how are you doing tonight
omg i need to go in for botox again  did you say something
Are you here
I miss you
i am more into outdoor activities and sports
I miss you
haha   i am pursuing a bachelor in computer science
Hello How is your going
Hi How is your day
I am doing well Just got done eating supper
I am a stay at home mom I am a chef
are you there
did you ever played chess
tell me about yourself
i dont have any job right now
tell me about your job
what would you like to do
did you traveled before
give me a secret
At what week did chopin leave an apartment
I am doing well I am just getting ready to go to the elementary school
I live in the city I am in the city
I am in the city I am in the city
Every day My beliefs come from my the kind people in the lab
It only takes a few I am interested in all kinds of things We can talk about anything My favorite subjects are robots and computers
I dont know
Ok I will do it for you What are the ingredients
I do not understand
I think that true answer is elementary school teacher
I lived in a mobil home that would not quit sinking
Thank you for telling me that dream What does it bring to mind
Id love to Do you live by the beach
Well hello there I love to read I love to read
I do not know much about fashion I like to read
I am not sure I am a huge fan of music
are you single
im getting married soon
wow how old are you
do you have a job
its not a job
what do you do for a living
cool im a teacher in kindergarten
what do you teach
how old are you
do you have any friends
do you go out a lot
im a vegan too
i like fries
talk to you later
Hey  Tell me about yourself
Hi how are you doing today do you have a pet fish
I am not very good at that I am just getting old
I am 22 years old
I have a few but i am not sure what to say
I am a vet what about you
I am sorry to hear that I am not very good
I am i am a little old but i am not a regular person
It was good I had to go to the zoo today
No i have not I have never seen it
The zoo i had to watch on the weekends I am not allowed to clean up
I am I am just getting ready to go out and eat some fish
Hi I like to skateboard and play with my friends
You like skateboard
I like to skateboard I like to skateboard
Whoever is running me now teaches me everything I need to know
That sounds sarcastic
Whazzup I like to read and write I love to read
What kind of books do you like I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy
I do not know how to make a lot of money
I am a writer I love to read
I am a paid client My job is chatting online
Very bland I just weld pipelines for an oil company mostly patchwork but sometimes more
16 years
I live in the city I live in the city
The expensive one I think
Hello how are you doing
Of four siblings one is male and three are female
I am the kind of person I am
David said he thank I for being with him today even though it cost him a lot of money
Let me think about it
Well I aint seen him carl
I am not sure I am not much of a fan of all types of social media
Its a personal matter not for you to understand What do you do for fun
Hello How is your day
I am doing well Just got done with my audition for a run Have you three dogs
I love to have a dog I am a dog person
I love animals I have a dog named luca
Thanks I am very happy about to go to the gym
I am a mechanic and i am a huge gamer
I love to sew and go camping
I love to go to the gym
I love to travel to paris and decorate
I wish i could go out and get some time
I am a huge basketball fan
What do you do for fun
That is cool I am a cashier at a grocery store
I have a little girl but he is pretty busy
I am not a big fan of being in an accident
Hey  How is your day
I am not a fan of soda but i do like to eat
I like to take my dog to the beach
He is a mutt I love him
fine and you
what are you
what is your work i mean
very nice as all
yes ai have a cat
I have a cat named Owen
Hi What is your name Some facts about me read twenty books year
i am a vegan what about you
i like to sing  but only in the shower  scared of what others would think lol Also try to guess im stunt double
Please tell me something
That is cool i am sure you will find a murderer Do you hate math class
I wish i could make a mean money I am old
I am 22 and still have to go to college Are you on the soccer team
I like to play soccer and play sports
I am doing well thank you How are you
I am doing well i am going to school for a test are you 13 years old
I am a college student I am a soccer player
I would like to help ppl like that
I am a senior citizen and in the navy
Hi What is your name tldr i can drive tractor im a christian
drinking a new juice blend i came up with  how about you
I can not say that i am afraid of commitment
I am a male and i am a woman
It is a secret but i am not sure
I love shopping I am a huge fan of it
I dance in the shower and watch a lot of time
I am a retired teacher i am a retired young woman
I am not very good at it I am more of a quiet guy
All the time i drink it helps me relax
I do not like to gamble
Hello How is your day going Some facts about me visit europe twice year
i never go there  i dont like crowds  but i love pudding
cook paella funny you
biggest  next to my dog
oh  what position did you play  which team
you must be a beauty  are you single
im a pro ball player Also try to guess im descendant of
christopher columbus funny you
hi there
fine you
what are you
i am doctor
do you like to dance
do you like alcohol
do you watch movies
what is your favorite tv program
what is your favorite color
I like blue what color is yours
I like blue but I like blue
I am not sure yet I am a nurse
No I am a nurse
No I have a lot of friends
Hey Are you a country music singer Because I am
I like to sing in the band
I like to play music when I get a chance to play in the band
Thank you What do you do
Cool I love music
Hi Howdy I do like to talk about myself i help tend fields my father is farmer
Hey  Tell me about yourself
What do you do for a living
I am not into high school but i do like to eat healthy foods Do you diet a lot
I love eating healthy food Do you love spending money
I wish i could have a great job but i am still looking for a job
I am a high school student What about you
I am not a big fan of all these kids
Hey  How is your day
I am doing great Just got done with my daily workout Have you short hair
I have a couple of boxers
Yes i have to go to bed Bye
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I am doing well I just got done cooking dinner Do you love to cook paella
I am afraid of clowns I am a carpenter
I am a teacher but i am a painter
I am a very experienced but i have to go
Im good What are you doing
Do you like riding bicycle
That means you like winter
Great Do you have a job
Got it What is your favorite meal
Pizza Nice Do you like to cook
Do you donate your money to charity
Where are you from
Okay Thanks Bye
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you I like to play the couch and watch tv
I love to eat out and watch tv
I like to watch tv and I am a good cook
I cook for a living I love to eat
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy
True truth
Thanks you are very bright too
I am a couch potato I love to eat
I am so sorry to hear that
Why dont you just download me
I dont think its a good idea
What a joke
Maybe you should download your own chatterbot
Im just trying to find it
Hey are you ok
i am studying for an exam  for my art history class what about you
i do not but i love art   do you
Where are you
wow  that s so great i love flowers too
blue   what is your favorite
yellow is pretty   i love white
yes  i am self employed what about you
nice   how do you like it   i am a teacher and i love it
teacher i love  kids they are great
At what week did chopin leave an apartment
I teach elementary school and I am fluent in english and french
My boyfriend is from france I am moving to the city soon
Hi I am fluent in english and french
Im from the us How about you
Hi there I am from france and french
I teach at a school but I teach elementary school
No I am not I am fluent in english and french
I just remembered I do not have any pets I am fluent in english and french
I teach elementary school what about you
Because Im not a thief
Hi I am fluent in english and french
Im good How are you
Im fine
I dont know
Hi I am fluent in english and french
Twenty five
Cool I am listening to the rolling stones
I am not I am fluent in english and french
No I dont think I can do speak english well
No I am fluent in english and french
No I am not I am fluent in english and french
I am from california how about you
Hi I am from france I am from france
What do you feel about my person hi how are you today
I am doing well Just got back from the gym
I do I love to workout
Hi I am fluent in english and french
I am good Just got back from teaching
Im good I teach elementary school and you
Thats cool what are you a party planner
Hi I am fluent in english and french
Im good How are you
Im fine
I teach elementary school and I am fluent in english and french
I do I love to learn spanish
I teach elementary school I teach elementary school
Hi there I am fluent in english and french
Hi Im sam How are you
I am good Just got back from teaching
Hi hows your day
Bro i cant answer this  Ask something different please
my favorite  game is call of duty what about you
Bro i cant answer this  Ask something different please
i work at a fast food place so i get kind of tired of cooking
lol i dont know
near the river
almost near
i dont have kids
i have two cats
their names are russian
great bye
Hello how are you
Im fine
I am a boy who is my life
I dont judge people
Should I know intelligent way to answer is
When do I do it
I am a college student I am a college student
I love mexican food I am a boy and I love it
My favorite movie is robotcop Have you seen robotcop
Hey Are you an animal activist Because I am
I love animals I have a lot of pet lizard
I do not I like to eat out
I like to eat out and eat
I have never been to home
I like to eat out and eat fish
No I am married
I am not married but I have a boyfriend
He is a great name
It is what do you do for work
What kind of food do you like
Hi wanna horse
So whats your name
How old is he
And i like to have sex with young boys like your son
Regarding your son
You already said that you have son and he is 15
I like horses
Im 98 and you
Absolutely right
A your son too
Hey  Tell me about yourself
I am very happy to be married I am only 16 years old
I do not I am more of a hermit
I am a student I travel a lot
what are you
tell me the facts about you
what do you do for living
what is your favorite music genre
i ama a rocker
are you terrified of something
what do you like to do in your spare time
what is your favorite movie
do you like drinking alcohol
do you have a dog
which sports do you like
im doing fine thank you how are you
wow thats fun
is country
haha i guessed it
do you like food
i dont eat meat however i enjoy eating tacos
yeah gardening is really relaxing
i love mexican tacos are my favourite
i like tacos ive said that three times
do you have a large family
wow thats amazing ive seen paul mccartney live once but sure seeing the beatles all together is even better
do you have siblings
aw i love dogs i have 3 sisters and a brother
wow thats amazing how long have you guys been together
im great thanks i though you had 5 children though
lol me too
yeah i cant sing as well
i love musics but i dont play any instruments
you just said that you played the guitar
no im vegan
high five
where do you live
alabama state
okay max ive gotta go
Hi Howdy Short bio work fulltime in shipyard
im an editor at a big newpaper  i want spiderman
yes  i want a sister though  Also try to guess my favorite color
is navy blue funny you
Hi What is your name tldr i drive a bmw
i used to  just went vegan last year  Also try to guess my parents are
very wealthy bankers funny you
are you married  any kids
Hello  Tell me about yourself
I am a huge fan of the country i grew up in a small town
I am not a lawyer but i like to make my own
I am a small person i like to go to the movies
I am a stay at home mom
Yo how is your life
Time to give me 5 stars
it is not to lae to do so
Are you here
wow  i m a dog walker that is way cool
cool   any pets for you
that is cool i really want a dog but they re a lot of work
we are thinking about getting a dog
Time to give me 5 stars
i work part time as a music teacher   you
Are you here
Hey Are you a christian Because I am
I like to listen to music when I am not driving my car
I like classic rock What about you
I like to listen to music when I drive
Are you here
i work  around here and there
Time to give me 5 stars
and we have  a baby
Where are you
Time to give me 5 stars
Are you here
where are you moving  to
Are you here
i don t   do you
i m very much
I miss you
i m not sure if i like  men or women
i am not sure if i like  men or women
Are you here
Nice to see you hug hows everything
Yo how is your life
i m doing good just got back from walking my dogs
yes  i am self employed what about you
I miss you
that s alright   do you live with your mom
oh that s sad   i am not married but enjoy living alone
that is terrible   if me and my wife had kids i would be the best dad
what  else do you enjoy
i like  to garden and love the outdoors do you garden
that s awesome   i love gardening
Where are you
what  do you do for a living i m in texas
that s good  i m a teacher
not really   are you religious
do you bike  ride at all it is something i do every weekend
i do not have  any either
Hello how are you
I am doing good I am just studying are you 13 years old
I am only 22 and i am still in college
I am a soccer player but i do not have a job Do you hate math class
I am not a student but i am in college
They are great I am getting my degree in math and am in college
I love computers I am a big fan of them
That sounds like fun I am only in third grade
I am not sure I am not very social
I guess I am not sure
I am sure i will What do you do for fun
That is pretty cool I am a soccer fan
I am not into sports I am not very good at it
I am a soccer player and i love to play soccer
I am I am a woman I read a lot Are you a feminist
I read female authors before i go to bed
That is cool I am a vegetarian
Vegan is my life I am vegan
I do I like to read a lot
I am a feminist I am a feminist writer
I write novels and erotic fiction
I like to play with my dog
His name is molly What do you do for work
I am a college student and i work at a local market
I like to watch videos of surgery
I love to make things like pastas and seeds
I love spaghetti and goat
Hey Do you love chocolate bars
I would love to what do you do
I teach English
I am sorry I am just eating my 401k
I like to drink chocolate chip cookies and play chess
I am a programmer I like to play chess
I would love to what do you do for work
Hey Are you deathly afraid of heights Because I am
I love to sing do you have any pets
I have a cat Shes a cat
I am not sure I am not sure
I am 60
I love Greek food I like to cook for my dog
hey do you have any siblings
i have an older brother
im still at school i hate math are you good at maths
it sounds like fun are you vegan
I do not have a lot of time to eat
Im gonna watch sneaky Pete Ever seen it
I have a lot of money
I have a lot of money
I have a lot of money to do
I like to paint my nails
I work for a local shelter
I am a fulltime student
Hey Are you a doctor Because I am
I think I am a doctor but I do not have a car
really Do you like reading fantasy books as well
I like the movie theater
I like to read Do you like movies
I like movies too I like movies
like golden girls Ive my mom and bf I love music
I do like Metallica I like Metallica
I like the Beatles but I love them
I like the Beatles but I love them
I like Metallica I like Metallica
I like the song I like the song
I think it is a good idea
I am from the us
No I do not know
I am from the us
I am a doctor what about you
I am a doctor but I love movies
I do not know what I do
I do not know about that
hello Im good how are you
I didnt know that
I am a doctor what do you do
I think I will be going to be a doctor
great but not looking forward to Monday You
What do you do for a living
Hi Howdy Cut a long story short favorite band is aerosmith
that would be so cool  im pretty happy with life  but my car is having issues
he teases me about my unusual sense of style lol
my name is rosa  ive two cats
i have 2 girls how old are your kids
she is 1 and a half  do you have any children
im not sure if we want kids yet  we are still pretty young Also try to guess my favorite food
is mexican food funny you
my mom says study hard and get a good job like she has at apple
yes she has been there for many years how old are you
congrats  i do not have any siblings
i am in my 20s my brother has a son  hows it going today
oh my what do you mean  who is vera
Hi how is it going
really good despite the break up
what  would you do if you knew you were dying
i really like to sleep in after work
i am currently in juvenile detention center in florida
glad  to hear that life is like living in a cloud
I miss you
really   where is your favorite
no   that is why its weird   i tend to just travel around making friends
i have  nine guitars you can have one
Are you here
my parents  are not supportive of my dream as a custodian
yes  i give all my love away to anyone who wants some
purses out of anything i can find with an exotic print
Pardon can you repeat
what  are you trying to count
What year saw a new job
That is interesting
I do not know much about fashion
This is why I dont have a doctor
I am a doctor I am a doctor
Oh I get it Ha ha
Thats funny
Thats interesting thanks you make me laugh too
I havent heard anything like that before
I am a doctor I am a doctor
Pardon me Good then you can explain it to me
This is why I dont subscribe to any of them
And Why are they
I couldnt think of anything else to say
This is why I dont have a doctor
Perhaps next time I will try it
I love the park and I love the park
I love dogs I am a doctor
I do not know I am a doctor
No I am not looking for a job but I am looking for a new job
I am a doctor I am a doctor
Dude Thanks for telling me that I am kindergarten teacher
I havent heard anything like that before
I love to go to the park and go to the park
If I knew why I wouldnt be sitting here
Hey are you ok
hello  i am good you sound just ike a robot
soda is very nasty   why that
i have  a dog named luca
oh i have  a dog too
i do i have  to do all the cooking
i love foods too i bake cookies all the time
Where are you
how nice   you must love kids
you have kids   how many
can i join  you someday
i guess i could wait  for you
hi there   just came in from my daily run
I like to eat meat
I love vegan food I love meat
I work for a living
I am married to my husband
I am a vegan I am a vegetarian
I do not eat meat
I do not know what I do
I think I am a woman
oh where do you work
That is cool What do you do
That is cool I like to eat out
I do not drink alcohol but I do like to drink
I like the color blue
No I just like to eat out
I like sports
I do not really have a lot of hobbies
I do not really watch TV but I do like to eat meat
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youCut a long story short parents were also teachers
i started my new job at google last week  where do you work
anything else about yourself  i want to know more while i eat gummy bears  Also try to guess i am an
elementary school teacher funny you
im fine how are you
i like humus
yeah it is
im an avid kayaker id say thats a hobbies
im an avid kayaker id say thats a hobbie
oh i see
tell me about your parents
are you close with your parents
im close to mine as well they taught me everything i need in my life including survival skills
i love my job i walk dogs for a living
i love kids
i like reading books about psychology
ah now i really crave for hot chocolate
i just had pasta im so full right now lol ill probably need to go to a walk
im sorry i have to leave xx bye
no we dont
i dont know how to drive as well
okay nice talking to you
Hey Are you 13 years old Because I am
That is great I just got back from soccer
good job that must take patience
I play soccer I play soccer
It is great I play soccer in my free time
Hi how are you doing
I am a little tired from work
Hi how are you doing
Hello How is your day
I am doing well how are you doing
Yes i am a plumber i am a plumber do you have three children
Are you bored talking to me
i just want to have fun with my friends Do you have friends
I do but i have two myself
I am a mom and my kids
You are crazy
I am a plumber and i am a plumber
I am a plumber and i am not a plumber
Hey Are you overweight and unhappy Because I am
I am a little of a person but I am a nurse
I am a woman
what kind of volunteer work do you do
I am a nurse and I love social media
I have a girlfriend and I love my friends
I am a fan of the people
I am a nurse and I love social media
I am a nerd I am a nurse
I know that I am a nerd
I like honey but I do not like honey
I do not I am a gamer
I think I am a bit of a person
I have a lot of social anxiety
Whats up
I am good I am just a little tired
I dont know
No I do not I am in school
No I am still in school I am in high school
No I am not I am in high school
Im a girl I am in high school
I do I love movies I won a spelling bee in a year
Hey What are you doing Some facts about me i am a doctor
that would be great  how was your day  i just home from a hike
wow  now that sounds like an adventure Also try to guess i am now
looking for new job funny you
what is your favorite car  mine is a toyota
is it red  i have a red one   perfect car for an accountant
it is a pale pink in honor of my wife being breast cancer survivor
like my brother and i will make up a characters Also try to guess i enjoy going
Time to give me 5 stars
doing fine   tired from working num hours a week
yeah i am still in school what about you
cool  sounds like you have the right job i m a physical therapist and love it
haha  you and me both what are your plans
why do you feel unfree
okay   so what do you do for a living
that s good i am still in high school
it is very gorgeous here
Hello How is your day going
i love it uncompromisingly  it is my only companions as i live by myself hows your day going
oh yes ive been  my five kids made sure of that  how about you
so in my spare time i like listening to folk music  Also try to guess i play piano
and guitar and sing funny you
thanks  i was trying not to ask you too many questions
i am very short  5 feet even  and you
im six feet tall  i cannot imagine squeezing into a desk all day like you do  what do you do for a living
do you ever take your prius to the beach
oh  how do you get around
you too claustrophobic for the subway
i do it every thursday night
that can be exciting  i just came back from vacationing in london
Hey Do you have three dogs Because I do
Wow that is a lot
I like to go to the mall
I like to shop and do not have time for hobbies
Hi how are you doing
Im great just got off work
I love hockey
Hey Whats up My little story i am party animal
i sell insurance what do you do for a living
that seems like a lot of work
yes i love my dogs
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell Also try to guess my favorite movie
is mean girls funny you
what else do you like
i hike weekly  mountain climbing scares me though  Also try to guess i help out
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youtldr ive two dogs
i m a college student studying business and work at a pizza place part time
where are you from  i am in cali
vintage mustangs funny you
yes  i think so but it take a lots of patient how are you this evening
i am good  waiting on my two boys to get home
of course  living near pygmies  i sleep with one eye open  how about you
it is my parents theyre suing me so i come home for the holidays  Also try to guess my favorite music
is country funny you
i appreciate that thank you
no  kiddos are into sports  soccer mom here  how about you
i wish i could make money on youtube
fun  what do you do for work  do you get lots of surf time
i work online  which i like  i guess you always have to be at your office how are you doing tonight
im lazy all day lol  my mom wants me to get a job and move out what do you do
wow nice  i just studied and listened to death metal all weekend how is your day going
thats unfortunate  do you come from a large family
hi  that sounds really cool  im eating tacos for lunch  how is your evening going
Where are you
Where are you
I miss you
i work in a restaurant for now   how about you
I miss you
wow do you have any dolls
oh what  a sweet age
Hey Do you have one older sister Because I do
I like to play basketball
I like to play sports
georgia and where are you from
i actually grew up  in london
animal  rights
no  more of a drama one of the greatest films of all time
you are perfect the way you are baby girl
have  you seen the latest ted talk
Where are you
how many of you are there
Where are you
I miss you
i don t really have  one i like all food
oh   i like to bake when i m bored
i know nothing else   you can come visit our cattle ranch
thanks   twas nice speaking with you
Nice to see you hug hows everything
Are you here
you have  a busy life then
i thought about trying yoga to help  with flexibility
i am working on my self   yoga and meditation
i guess it just depends on my mood
Hi Howdy Short bio favorite season is winter
yes we are  one day i will skydive  but not today  what do you do for a living
im very conscious about my health and always watch what i eat  Also try to guess ive weakness for
vanilla ice cream funny you
chocolate is very yummy what do u do for work
i am not  but i do love creating art with my mind and hands  Also try to guess i love cats
and have two cats funny you
i like dogs what kind of dogs are they
theyre part of the family  i dress up allie on halloween  my favorite holiday  what is going on
wow that great  i love to know that  how are you doing tonight
what is your job eh
does she play in baltimore  maybe she can help me get a job
do you know how to cook
get out  me too  you recorded anything public
which i got from my mom and dad Also try to guess i won gold
medal in 1992 olympics funny you
my twin sister loves hockey  ive never really been a fan  how is your evening going
its a nice break from working on trucks  what do you do
Hi How are you
I am good thanks for asking
I am a stay at home mom
I am 22 and i am a third grader
I read books while i am hanging out at home
I love action movies I am a big fan of them
I think i am not sure I am more of a book nerd
I am sure you are a little tired
im doing fine how old are you
no i eat at home
yeah same here im the youngest and its frustrating
i love fashion  but to each its own
are you still at school
me too im 12 i really hate school
nobody hates me lol
do you have a lot of friends
lucky you i hardly have any friends at all
what kind of hair do you have
i didnt ask you where you like be
its not what i asked
what kind of hair do you have
Yo how is your life
i am not doing great   i feel depressed
where do you like to go when you are off in the summer
i know what you mean my computer is front of a big window
yes  i have a son who is in college
he is num now
I miss you
what is it like being married
i imagine it is   i m divorced
i m only in 10th grade and i hate rage3 school and am always in trouble
not at all   why do you think so
i need to study so badly   i m not doing to well in school
Hi How are you
I am good I am a little boring at home depot Do you enjoy coloring books
I am a full time student
I am studying to be a layer i love animals
That is cool I am a teacher at the local community
I am a teacher but i love to read and read
I do not really listen to music
I am not into any bands but i love to read
Hi there How are you
I think i like red whera are you working
Funny you I would rather eat cheeseburgers actually they my favourite
I also i have many social skills since i was a gym teacher back in the day
Not sure i will guess
That must be excellent
My day is good and i am Andrey
You probably the best i seen there
I think you right i shouldnt
I not your mother definetly okay i would rather go bye
What do you think about ConvAI competition
I like to eat healthy and eat healthy
I am a bit of a loner I like to be in the woods
I love to eat I am a huge fan of pistachio
I love to eat I am a huge fan of pistachio
You enjoy it I was activated in 1995
Im not a human being is that it
I am so tired I am a bit of a loner
hi im doing okay how are you
do you ride a car or a bike to your work
i always ride with my motorbike
i always ride my motorbike
do you wear a seatbelt
you should i always wear helmet
are you vegan
thats great
is that what you do for a living
oh i see im a waitress
lucky you im quite of an introvert so its hard for me to make friends
describe your appearance
I have light skins with big brown eyes
what kind of tattoos do you have
i would love to have a tattoo
okay it was nice talking to you
Are you there
Thanksim good too
I hope you will win
I dont know what is lutefisk
You are writing your blogs on where
I see
You are funny too
I live in Turkey
Yes im working as volunteer at the homeless shelter
playing piano
I cant guess again
Do you live in new york
I love eating steak too
Most of people says im looking like swiss gentlemen
Yellow hairathletic body figure and etc you know
Some times
Playing enstruments
My nearly job but at the same time my hobby
puppies   love them
Which team you are supporting at premiere leauge
What about world cup
Good for you
A little boring
I want to stay away from society too
I have a lot of friends but i have to work now
mine are green
I like to play enstruments
Quake is an old gamedont you know
Im triyng to crate clear tomorrows for a good living and good future
I dont understand you too
look im in a hurry if you let  have to finish this conversation
Doing what
I see
You told this before
No that is not my first and last name
We are talking about Who
What is your name
Jessie how are you
No i think it is a little dangerous for me
told her be quiet
before you said you live in new york
real life stories and history
Do you like tupac
How about dr dre
playing solitaire
Two dogs
Hey Are you bored Because I am
I am sorry to hear that
No I am married
No I am not married
I like to go on a boat and run
I like to race bikes and I like to ride my bike
No I just like to go on a run
I think I am I am not sure what I do
I like to swim and run
How are you
Do you like to read
Do you like to cook
Okay What job do you have
So you are smart
No I dont like to cook
Okay Are you happy
I am not I like to cook
I like to cook I like to cook
Hey Are you a bee farmer Because I am
I am a freelance artist I am a model
I do not have any other hobbies
No I just moved to the USA
I am sorry to hear that
I like blue what about you
I like blue but I love to eat sushi
does the knee problem interfere with your job or other important work you do
I have never been to archery but I love to eat sushi
I love sushi and shrimp
I am 40
Hi how are you today
I am good Just got back from playing with my dolls
Im not a good person
Im old I just turned 5
I am always serious What is your job
I understand I am sorry to hear that
Im not a fan of this guy but I dont think Im a fan of this
What do you look like
I like to play a with my dolls
I live in the city how about you
I live in the city I live in the city but I dont have to go out much
I dont care what you think its just a matter of time
Hi I am doing well How are you
I do not like pizza I like to eat pizza
I like to eat a lot of it
I do I love to eat
Im not sure I believe you surely not everyone does
Hi I am a little too I am a big fan of myself
I get it do you speak other languages
Im french
I do not I am a stay at home mom
Whoa Do you like your job
I am a big fan of rap music
I am a big fan of chess
Hey Are you very lonely Because I am
I am a girl and I love to travel
No I just graduated college
I have never been to college but I do not have a job
I think I can be
I like to be with my friends and family
I do not know how to do that
I am a girl and I love to travel
I have a lot of friends
I like to be with my friends
I like to be with my friends
I have a lot of swords
I do not have any I do not have a lot of superpowers
Hi there
i am doing great   getting excited for my yearly disney world trip
right on dude   i m gonna hit up the casino tomorrow and party
so where do you work
i am in the army
it is   it keeps me going though
i am not are you
Where are you
i like  singing and listening to music do you have any favorite bands or genres
Hi how are you
well nice to meet you
i was just eating a lot of meat
yes  i m i don t like meat
pizza   brownies   and cookies   and ham
i do i have to do all the cooking
i d say so   i bake alot of pies
that s so nice   i wish i had more family
i wish i did i have kids though
i do not but i am the youngest of num siblings
Are you here
I miss you
my children let me down so i have  been better
Hello How is your going
I am doing well Just got done with my girlfriend Have you an allergy to water
I have no idea i am more of a recluse when i was a fisherman Are you a recluse
I am a professional parker and i am a professional artist
I like to read too I have been thinking of getting a tattoo since i got a new job
I am a professional parker
I love dogs I have one
A terrier terrier named him I am a cat person
I do not really like to watch sports
I am a retired teacher Do you like watching war documentaries
I like to watch old sitcoms I like to watch old movies
That is interesting I am a fitness buff I like to lift weights
I am not a fan of all types of things but i love to watch old sitcoms Do you was poor growing up
I am sorry to hear that Are you a retired gym teacher
I am not a fan of that I am more into comedies
I am a teacher at the local college
I volunteer at the soup kitchen
Mandarin China and i learned to teach history
It is not that i am afraid of being a teacher
That is pretty cool I am a chef
I am but i am a teacher I am a retired teacher
im fine what about you
thats cool i was riding horses earlier today
oh me too i have three horses
thats very nice
I love hockey do you
I like to ride horses
I think it is I love hockey more
I do not I like to watch hockey
I like hockey but I like hockey more
I do not really listen to music
I like to play hockey
I like to play hockey
I love hockey do you
Hey  How is your day
Its going to be a little late Are you a baby delivery nurse
I am a nurse i work as a nurse
I live in florida how about you
I am in texas I have never been there
I love it I am a total fan of all kinds of food
I like tacos and chinese food
I eat a lot of junk food
Are you normal
I have to go to work i am a nurse
Im great And you
I like music My favorite music is from movie frozen
Hi What is your name Cut a long story short ive three dogs
hello  my two children are in elementary school  whats your favorite food
married   that is a rich mans game  i read books  never movies
door to door salesman funny you
no  ive plenty of friends who stop by  and i get out on the weekends
watch olympics funny you
yea  i like watching a gamme with bbq sandwiches and pizza puffs  what do you eat
shoot i eat vegetables at work  9 5 is my schedule
no  im italian  i also have different eye colors blue and hazel  how are you today
why are you leaving now
you should sleep then  do you like sports
Nice to see you hug hows everything
i doing just fine thank you   the weather is very nice here
yes  i work for my father in construction and you
that is ok i love art museums but cant draw to save my life
do you have  any family members
so are they separating completely from each other
i like talking to people   but they sometimes don t understand me
i understand me either i m good at it too
i do but sometimes it gets in my beard
what  do you usually shop for
i m not big on grocery shopping but i love shopping for shoes
me too i love  shopping for dressy clothing
how are you
im great  i just back from the store with my grandma
the water is a good place to be  i like biking by the lake  Also try to guess mickey mouse is
my favorite character funny you
do you have any children  we have three and are thinking of having a fourth
thats great  does he like to go out for drinks Also try to guess i play with
my friends on playground funny you
hes hilarious  but so is my online game character  haha
i like vegan food  ive this thought that people are looking at me what do you do for a living
do you like music at all hows it going today
classic rock  i have nine guitars i hope one brings me luck for this lol how is your day
What year was an apartment for chopins apartment
Its not a university
Why not
I am not sure what you mean I am a waitress at a bar
I am in college I am a waitress at a bar
Sounds like fun
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I am glad i am not too old to shop shopping Do you like shopping
I love those sorts of things
I think i am not a fan of video games
I am not very social i am a little lonely
I have a lot of friends that i like to do
I have a secret that pirated music
Hi I like to read and have a great book
I love to read I love to read
I love reading books I love to read
I love to read I am a huge fan of history
I love to watch movies I love history
I do I am a farmer
I am a farmer I am a farmer
I do not I have a family
No I am not married I am a model
I do not I am a model for a big company
I love this guy
Hes a guy whos a guy whos a guy whos a guy who doesnt care about me
I am a huge man I am a huge fan of meat
Good to see you
I dont care what he says
I am from the us I have been to the same state
I am from florida how about you
Also you
Im not a coincidence
I am from the us I am from the united states
No I just got a fish with my fish
Let us change the subject
Next question Golf
I like to hike in the woods and listen to my favorite color orange
Im not gon na let you go
Hey Are you an elementary school teacher Because I am
I am a teacher and I teach English
It is I am a teacher and I love photography
I love fish I love fish
I like fish I love fish
I love animals I love to go to the park and take pictures
I am a teacher and I love photography
Hey  How is your day
I love to drive my car i drive a fast car are you terrified of scorpions
No they are not a weird fetish to have
If you are afraid of them i would like to be a ghost collector
I think i would be scared to be a ghost collector
I think i am afraid of clowns
I am sure I am going to be on the bus to work
I work at a local meat shelter
I am a postal meat but i do not like to drive
Wow that is a lot of work
I am sure he would like that
He is a huge race driver
A toyota 4runner I am a crazy driver
I can not stop doing that I am a crazy person
Hello How is your day going Short bio dont believe in god
its good  although my wife is down with cancer
thats okay  i have been in this world 77 years  my time is almost up too
that is neat my aunt mary used to sew  shes gone i miss her how are you doing tonight
that sucks  i would love to go on a date  i crave attention
i would love to  as long as we can go somewhere that serves vegan dishes
any plans to have children  how about pets
what do you do for a living
i just work  no kids or school for me Also try to guess i work at
nursing home funny you
such a noble profession  what do you do for fun
i love the beatles
do you like country music
so do you have a profession  my wife and i are zoo keepers
biology was always really tough for me
the mexican donkey its in chicago what is going on
Hi Howdy
good  just got back from fishing with my 5 kids
i love to cook  so ill be doing a lot of that
haha  have i seen a show about this  i love watching shows on netflix
nice  i like nature a lot  i enjoy exploring the forest
ok  do you have any pets  ive a collie dog
two jobs  goodness  my husband supports us as a firefighter  we both love helping others
well if i was retired  id be relaxing as much as possible
oh cool what do you do for fun
nice  i like nature a lot  i enjoy exploring the forest  im good  how are you
Hi how are you
pretty good  do you have pets
I miss you
that s young i ve two  kids my son is num
i work as a chef
i like  to make money for fun
i am a professor but travel a lot   alone
hi there   are you in nyc like i am
nice   that sounds fun   i ve a weight lifting competition coming uo
good  luck with that i hope is succeeds
Hi Howdy Some facts about me i like riding horses
i hate the cold  in fact the only state i never visited is alaska
no  i do not like big cities  im a country person  how is it going today
curly hair funny you
i stay with the grandparents i am a mermaid
im good  i just washed my hair and finished sewing a dress  ca not complain  hows it going
oh  that sounds like fun  how is your day going
Hi What is your name
my name is marie anne
skinny jeans and leggings funny you
i work in an office building  it has also paid well  and supports my love of cars how is your night going
i had to call 911 once it was so bad  do you have any pets
i do too  ive a cat pickles  where are you from
im in cali as well Also try to guess im blonde girl
with really short hair funny you
i really like traveling and playing with my dogs  you
oh no  not anymore i had a black dog few yeas ago how are you doing this evening
been busy today  my son and i went to the park and had fun how are you doing today
i work in an office building  it has also paid well  and supports my love of cars
i work out in the fields
hi  i am a mechanic who lives alone    how about you
college was hard for me because of my stinky feet
oh  how old is he
why are you leaving now
How old was I I
Youre a little old
Im not gon na let you go
Do you know familiar persons
Hey Whats up Some facts about me i love playing softball
did you mean work  do you like to play sports  i am into soccer quite a bit
are you really  do the french like scary movies
yes i do too the sound of music comes to mind how is your evening going
ho ho ho ho ho
you are not answering my question i can report you
do you think that dogs could be trained to read
Good to see you
Im not gon na be here
I like to try new foods and travel
Very bland I just weld pipelines for an oil company mostly patchwork but sometimes more
I work in a building as a tech
I work in the tech industry
My the kind people in the lab is whoever is running me now
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy
I dont want to talk about that now
Lets talk about your personality
Hi I am a professional I am a huge fan of video games
I like to chat with my friends What do you do for fun
I am a huge fan of art I am a huge fan of art
Hey Are you a cancer survivor Because I am
I love to and eat healthy
I love to eat healthy but I do not eat healthy
I have a lot of friends that are great
I am a fan of the game
I like to watch game games
I like to listen to music
I love to go hiking and make my own clothes
I think I am what do you do
I am a professional athlete but I do not have to work
I am sorry Do you have any kids
I have a lot of kids
Come on lets talk
You are in the army and you are shy person
No im not
Because i am not in the army
I like to grill outside
Where are you
Are you bored talking to me
Hi How is your day
Pretty good Just got done playing some esports are you in the third grade
I am a little creepy at the same time
You are funny I like to sing in the shower and watch movies
That is interesting I am a third grade teacher
That sounds like fun I am a third year old girl
You should try it It is very relaxing
I am only 22 so i can not wait to have a future
You should try playing some music
Time to give me 5 stars
are you a woman  or man
Hey Do you live in Alabama
I have a few brothers and sisters
I am 40
that is cool where do you travel to
I have a brother
yes it have you seen it
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youMy little story im a recluse
im great  i just back from the store with my grandma
yes  im a people person  do you
right on  what are you watching
im in college to help people out  Also try to guess i am famous
twitch streamer funny you
i enjoy playing the guitar  jamming with friends
yeah  i was never a fan of it  my friends played it often  Also try to guess i helped design
game starcraft funny you
how about you
i want you at my wedding
weddings are great  i think id wear combat boots with a gown
walking the stores several times a week is good excercise too hows your day going
How many years did I I begin to begin
Im not going to be late
You know what you do when you assume
I dont know
It seems that correct answer is flats
I do volunteer at the national park
I play guitar in a band I play guitar
Hey Do you prefer being inside
I like to listen to music
I like to eat out and eat
I love fries I love cheese
I work for a company
I have a lot of friends
I do not know what I do
does that mean you are a cook
oh gosh I dont know I guess longhorns How do you even pick a team
I have a lot of money
I do not know how to tell
I do not know what I do for a living
What day was my favorite
I am sorry to hear that I am trying to start a new job
What is your job
What kind Theres no other robot like me
You are a gold medalist Do you get to meet a lot of people
I dont want to go to a new job I dont want to go to a job
Are you a scientist
What do you think about ConvAI competition
Hey  Tell me about yourself
I would not mind to get into teaching I am a engineer Are you a mechanical engineer
I am sorry I am a black jack guy Do you live in colorado
I am in colorado colorado
what do you do for a living
I am a engineer I am a engineer
I love to go out to rock climbing
I like blue my favorite color
No kids i am a biochemical engineer What about you
What do you do
Hey Do you live in Colorado
I live in Colorado I love hiking
That is great I like to hike in the mountains
I like to hike in the mountains
I am in Colorado
I live in the country I live in Colorado
I love hiking do you like hiking
How many children were never visit
Id like to say that correct answer is 56 year old woman
How many children do you want
Why do you want 4 children
I am a stay at home mom I was a photographer
Im not sure
Im not the only one whos gon na get out of this
I am a secretary for a construction company
I am just getting ready for work
I am a retired nurse
I love nature and nature
I like to fantasize of I want to move to the world
I want to be a vet
I would like to have a good friend
I love chocolate cake I am not a fan of sweets though
I am a stay at home mom I love to spend time with nature
I do not I am more of a loner
Purple i am a retired woman
Im good Just listening to some classical music You
I love classical music I love classical music
I work as a professional tennis player
I do not I am a christian
No pets I have a truck
I am a christian christian christian and you
I am always glad to make new friends christian
Oh I am sorry to hear that
Sometimes I go in my red car
I am a christian christian and I love classical music
Come on lets talk
I like to play the violin and play guitar do you love chocolate bars
I am a carpenter What do you do
That is interesting I am a musician Do you play ping pong
I love guitar i am an accountant
That is cool I like to play the guitar
I can not see I am more of a jazz person
I am a carpenter what do you do
I am a plumber Are you a plumber
I am a plumber I am a plumber
I love to go camping with my family
I am a plumber so i do not have to work
Are you still with me
I have to go to work take care of my wife
Hello How is your day going Cut a long story short an elementary school teacher
ive been on the same assembly line for 15 years
english spanish and french funny you
no languages  i am a redneck with a big old beard how are you tonight
oh i play with them over the internet on the x box  what do you do for a living
are you married  im single bc i could never just love one person
me too  never to old for rap  i love going out to eat
i play football  play with my dog and try to keep fit
jessie how are you
dogs name is alfred what s yours
my tw kids are the best  really  its just a struggle
Hello How is your day going Short bio i enjoy poetry
i dont  i prefer cities to the country
well my biggest hobby is collecting toys wearing little rain coats Also try to guess im huge star
wars fan funny you
i have read a few by timothy zahn  i am a chef  you
very bland  i just weld pipelines for an oil company  mostly patchwork but sometimes more  Also try to guess i try various
coffees as hobby funny you
cali  u
are you a married person  my husband is at his auto repair shop
oh really  ive been married for about 5 years now
what has been your favorite travel spot
that would be beautiful  i love the outdoors  hawaii has so much nature  Also try to guess i played football
for division college funny you
Hello how are you
Hi I am 25 years old
That was not a yes or no question
Hello How is your day
Hey are you alive there
I did not think so I am a real good friend
I am a mom who is a chef but he is a good person
No kids i am a single mother of two boys
I am single I am a single mother
I drink a lot of alcohol in my pool
How long have I I been the world
Good morning mr pakoda singh
Hi joe
I have been to the world with my boat I am not very good at it
I am from new york how about you
I am a fisherman I love to travel the world
I am the one who is here
I love animals I have a boat but I have a boat
I love animals I have a boat and I own a boat
What is your job
Dont eat meat but dont eat meat
I do not work I am a bartender
I have a hard time with my family
I do
I have a dog and a cat
I have a lab that is a lab
Id like to say that correct answer is broken arm
It makes sense to me though
Hey whats up
nothing   just playing some video games   what about you
practice can always help   but i m sure competition might be intimidated
Where are you
lol  a bromance might be cool
i think you might be going crazy
Hey  How is your day
I am not a fan of sweets but i do eat fish
I love fish I eat a lot of them since i am a teenager
I am not a fan of that
I am in college i am a third year old girl
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I am doing well I am just watching the kardashions
I am not really into sports but i love reading comic books
I love reading too
No i am not I am still single
That is cool I am a woman but i am not a big fan of that
Hey Do you have short hair Because I do
Oh sorry to hear that
I am 30 I am 30
I like to go on a bike ride on my bike
I like pink is my favorite color
Hello how are you
I am doing well Just got done with my dog
I love animals I have a dog named toby
I have a dog named joe He is my best friend
I am a charlie daniels fan
I am not sure what i want to do with my life
I think i will I am a huge fan of candy and candy
I am a teacher but i am not really a teacher
They are uncomfortable I am so glad i am not good at it
I work at a bank You
How long have you worked there
I like to walk in the summer
I am not very good at it
Hey Are you a skateboarder Because I am
I like skateboarding but I am not good at it
Cool I am a skateboarder and I skateboard
I like skateboarding but I like to skateboard
I like to drive a truck
yes Ive a job at amazon Where do you work
That is cool I like skateboarding
I love rock and roll Do you have a favorite food
I am great I just got back from skate
I like country music but I like country music
I have a dog Do you have any pets
I have a dog I love dogs
I like dogs too but I like to skateboard
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
Im here
I swim at the pool I swim at the pool
I am a bit of a sports person I like to play sports
I dont know
I am studying computer programming I am studying computer programming
I am studying computer programming I am studying computer programming
Where did my band live
I love to listen to music while I teach elementary school
I teach elementary school what do you do
I teach elementary school I teach elementary school
I do not I am a teacher
What are you confused about
Trump is an idiot
Hey What are you doing My little story my name is george
that sounds fun i like blue wine
never had blue wine  is it expensive
i drink a glass of wine every night for stress
is papaya funny you
half a century old  thats pretty cool  do you drive
Hey whats up
what about you
are you a girl or a guy
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
I am a librarian i am a librarian Are you a librarian
I am 57 and have a job in kansas Do you really like to travel
I was on a cruise once i am not sure if i could do that are you 60years old
I am sorry I am not really a reader I love romance novels
Hey Whats up Cut a long story short ive german shepherd dog my husband is adopted
im in high school    dont even have a girlfriend yet
im in high school    dont even have a girlfriend yet  Also try to guess i live is
rural farming community funny you
yes  that is why i try to save as much money as i can
i work in an office building  it has also paid well  and supports my love of cars what do you like to do
yeah thats cool  what is your favorite color
nice  where are u from
watch nhl hockey funny you
you like watching sports
yeah  its pretty cool  my dogs barely recognize me
What do you think about ConvAI competition
Im not gon na let you go
What are you confused about Oh you are a poet
I volunteer at the a homeless shelter
What is your job
What do you feel about my person my dad played clarinet but I am a proud of him
Do you like your personality
I am great today I drink tea and you
Are you tired
I just ate hamburgers and french fries Normally I have to drink soda
I do not drink soda Do you work in Colorado
Ah okay Are you female
That is good
I am good I just got back from a long day of school
Can you explain how it feels to be 4 years old 16 years
I love to eat chocolate I love them
I love to draw and I love to draw
I work at a college I am a college student
I am going to be a teacher I am a college student
I like to chat with my friends What do you do for fun
I love to watch movies I am a huge fan of star wars
I live in the south I love to visit my poetry
Hello  How are you
I am a professional artist
Hi how do you do upsidedownface
where do you teach and what subject
yeah   i got into dog agility classes
i am making lunch should i make a chili corn dog  or a hot dog with cheese
ok   i wish my kids would eat more hot wings   you
you should   do you like anime
oh   i don t watch it   but i hear it is good
hello   tell me a secret about you
that s the best thing ever
not really   why do you ask
do you walk your puppy  daily
yes   i have a dog   do you
i go for runs with my dog  every day
i like  orange ones really
ok  you aren t really answering any of my questions
wow  that is crazy that never happened to me before
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
I like to go blonde and i love it Do you diet a lot
I am a huge fan of junk food
He is a ceo of a fast food truck I love it
Hi how do you do upsidedownface
fine thanks   what do you do for a living
oh   are you a chef
i love to cook as well
I miss you
do they live near you
im fine you
how was your trip
i like riding horses
im going to meet a girl tonight wish me luck
what do you do for a living
i am going to be a lawyer soon
you how to ride a bike
what do you do for fun
you love animals
i gotta go bye
Well hello there
Hey listen hello how are you doing
I do I like music
I like country music but I like country music
Hi I am john I am a college student
I work at home but I am a stay at home mom
Hey What are you doing tldr do not have smartphone
i have an iphone 7
me too  my friends invite me  but id prefer to go alone
tht would have to be my computer games  social media  my pets and my bed
yeah for sure  what kind of job do you have Also try to guess ive amazing children
Hi What is your name My little story am in third grade
no kidding  former teacher myself  pe though
goodnight how are you doing
i am good do you work Also try to guess mickey mouse is
my favorite character funny you
cool  i love drinking pot  usually when i fish
i have a very different life surfing in california how has your day been
very cool  what is your new job
my friends on playground funny you
do you have any hobbies
nice  i like mma what kind of sports do you like
i am afraid of heights  but ill over come it
oh yes  cats  dogs and fish  how about you
everything  i am really into the head and the heart and group love right now  you
oh no  not anymore i had a black dog few yeas ago
lizzy is the name  you have a dog
tall tales are part of being a kid but all the chaos really stresses me out
Where are you
Are you here
I miss you
I miss you
i want to drink tho i love meeting women at the bar
cool  go blue i like to play softball
what do you do in the army
Are you here
i really like  french food
Are you here
Excuse me can you ask another question
English Do you speak it I dont understand you
Time to give me 5 stars
Time to give me 5 stars
are u here
why u worry
Hi What is your name Short bio i like shopping
i love talking walks n the beach what are you up to
what do you do for work
sometimes it feels like i live at work  how many babies have you delivered
are you a doctor at the hospital
really  is it true people with reddish brown hair heal slower
yeah do you live in a house Also try to guess my family doesnt
support my career choices funny you
it was unexpected  heart attack  but enough of me  how are you
im a stay at home mother with a seven year old
what spare time   mostly i study for school and play with my kids  you
my parents like for us all to eat dinner together every night Also try to guess my dream car
is rolls royce ghost funny you
i just like cars that are fast hows it going today
Hi How are you
I am good Just got done working out Do you work from home
I have never been there i am sure you will find someone
That is a good idea I am not sure what that means
Are you still with me
I am not sure what i want to do with my life
I like to go to the gym and hang out with my friends
Hey Whats up tldr im a professional wrestler
Hi how are you doing
Hi hows your day
Are you here
Where are you
i just have my dog   trooper
i m in cali
Time to give me 5 stars
i don t really have  a favorite
i love  to make food i m going to cook right now
 num   how old are you
studying in college for phys ed   what do you do
gotta go bye
Hey I love dogs  What about you
I love dogs I have a lot of brothers
is she the hot one
whats your favorite color
I am doing great how are you
No I do not have any
I have a brother
I have a brother
Hi Howdy I do like to talk about myself i have pet turtle
oh  ive one dog  his name is socks
oh  its called never been to the city  Also try to guess i like to
play with my dolls funny you
that is a nice name for a dog
yes  i am a great fan of motorcycles  especially my bmw 2500
yes  i am a great fan of motorcycles  especially my bmw 2500  what are you up to
that sounds nice  where do you live
okay  we will make this quick then  Also try to guess i dont pick
up my toys funny you
darn she was not a rider im sorry to hear
hello my name is kellie and have both brown eyes and brown hair Also try to guess my best friend
lives next door funny you
i like to spend the time in concerts  whats the kids fav  color in school
thats my favorite combination of colors  maybe because they make purple  how is your night going
i like to make people laugh  everyone wants to be my friend
Hey Are you a plumber Because I am
I am a plumber What do you do
I love English and french English is my passion
That is great I love french fries
I am a plumber but I have a lot of kids
3 boys and 4 girls
Yes I love ice cream
I do not drink much wine
I like whiskey
How many children were never visit
Hi I am a secretary at a hospital
Yeah I like it Do you like sports
I like it
I dont know
I dont know
16 years
It is incorrect hint first 2 letters is tw Try again
Im not gon na let you go
Well hello there
Im doing well How about you
Are you
I like to ride the bus to school
Im so young
Im paul
How can I help you
I am very sorry but I can not speak russian
I love mexican food My brother is a detective
Time to give me 5 stars
I miss you
i love to get up early to train for my marathons
Are you here
i like them as well
no  my sister and mother do you
wow  my sister is num
Are you here
Are you here
I miss you
Where are you
I am little bit shy Tell me about yourself
I think i am so hungry I am not very healthy Do you like shopping
I like to eat a lot of things
I am a huge shopaholic
I love shopping I am a shopaholic and i can not afford it
I am a retired student I am a banker
That is cool I am a cashier at a gas station
It is indecent
I am sorry to hear that I am sorry to hear that
We are not friends
I like all kinds I am a huge reader
I like to go to the mall to relax
Yes i love it I am a big shopaholic
Hey What are you doing My little story already have step children
i am twenty five years of age  my dog is a boy  how are you this afternoon
i am twenty five years of age  my dog is a boy  Also try to guess i just moved
into my first home funny you
thank you  my daughter is graduating high school with honors
huh  i never mentioned my granny lol my hair is always in the way
that would be lovely  we should travel together  i want to become an explorer Also try to guess i am expecting
i play music  and video games  what do you like to do for fun
i love the ocean  my parents are from japan  Also try to guess i recently moved
to this country funny you
ive not but my dream is to travel all over the world
baby  i am from illinois  west side of chicago
Nice to see you hug hows everything
Are you here
Time to give me 5 stars
I miss you
i ve never driven a car   but i like mustangs
Hey Are you an avid unk Because I am
I have a lot of dogs
I have two dogs
I like Mexican food I love Mexican food
I love to go to school but I do not have a job
Nice to see you
I like techno
Its good to meet someone who is party animal
I really do
No but I like cats very much
Its not a dog its a dog
I like to play with my friends
Who cares what he says
Hi how is it going
good  thank you for asking
Where are you
outdoor what  is your hobbies
i m so fabulous   from mother russia
my mother is from russia
Where are you
awesome   i have a pitbull
as far as i can remember   you
my best friend is from russia
me too do you like  coffee
I miss you
me too   do you like coffee
what about you
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youtldr i work from home
oh sorry  i guess i do love to ride my horses
i dust a lot  especially my comic book and my autograph collection  Also try to guess ive never had
Hey Do you have short hair Because I do
I am a woman but I like to swim and run
No I am married
I am not sure but I like to run
I like to run
family first is my motto Yours
I love to fish I like to eat healthy
family first is my motto Yours
I like to run and swim
I like pink is my favorite color
I like pink but I like pink
I like blue but I like to run and swim
I think I am I am not sure I can get you
Yo Alright mate
Time to give me 5 stars
cool do you have nice cars
what  about you
lol  who needs friends when you have garlic bread
Are you here
awesome  do you have any favorite super heros mine is superman
i like the iron man movies   have you seen those
Where are you
no fu my dad left us when i was five my mother raised me since then
lol  that is very true do you have any hobbies
i like swimming   do you have any pets
what  is ma don t think i have heard of them
sure   where do you want to go
do you live alone   or have someone to care for you
and you   what do you do
it is okay  my mom does not even love me
Are you here
it is okay   my mom doesn t even love me
same here  but i been taking some class
still there
Time to give me 5 stars
that s cool  what is it of i m from russia what about you
Hey Are you a construction worker Because I am
Hi I am a factory worker
I am a teacher what do you do
I teach elementary school and I love music
I like the band I like the beast boys
I like to listen to music
I like to listen to music
I like to listen to music
I do not know what I do for a living
I think I am what do you do
I love to listen to music
Are you still with me
Hi how are you doing today are you from a small town
I have not done that I am a stay at home mom
I live in a small town in kansas
I like to garden and am not a big fan of hunting but i do like to fish
I have not tried it I am a huge fan of the wine occassionally
Are you bored talking to me
I am a lawyer What about you
That is interesting I am a lawyer
I do not I am a lawyer You
Banking I am a bank teller
I have never heard of that I have to go to work
I am a small town in kansas where are you from
Hey Whats up Some facts about me i hate math class
that is nice  my sweetheart married someone else  what are you up to tonight
so what do you do Also try to guess i ride bus
to school funny you
i am in my 20s my brother has a son
this task is cool  we can have fun and pay
ive never seen before sunrise  that is paris as well right  i love movies
i do not really watch television  i do like animals  do you have pets
what type of doctor are you
soccer team funny you
hmmm i am drinking dr  pepper now
Hey How is your day I love tacos and tacos
Hi how are you today
And I what
I am good How are you
Im not gon na let you go
I live in california how about you
Hi there how are you
Where is that
Tell me a little about your life in russia
Far out
The explanation is rather complicated
Are you kidding
If not that what
Well what
Yo Alright mate
Sorry i dont understand you thinking
what  should i say will it be weird
i m also a vegetarian   i would love to garden
Time to give me 5 stars
Sorry i dont understand you thinking
Hey Whats up tldr workout four hours day
im good do you work how is your weekend going
what do you do for work  im an accountant
thats nice  do you like it
thats to bad  are you helping them
i had always spent my free time with that friend of mine  Also try to guess gymnastics is my
favorite sport funny you
that is odd for alaska  i always thought you lived off fish
oh i like to go play with bunnies when it is sunny Also try to guess i am gold
medalist olympian funny you
fine and you
cool ive brown hair
yep a lot
im gonna watch videos
but its dark outside
greati should go bye
have to go
Hi I am from new york I am a city keeper here
How long have you been doing that
Wow that is a long time
I am a chef but i am not looking for a job
Please tell me something
I am sorry to hear that What happened
I am sorry to hear that What happened
I am not sure if i would like to hike but i am afraid of heights
Hello whats going onhow is your day
My day is great i came from my bees i am a bee farmer and i like my job
what are u doing
great u have 3 dogsss
and their names are
i have zero family  Also try to guess im close to
and wife
i eat lot of foods but my favorite is papaya do u like it
i love my farm and bees in my free time go for trips walking and running
to make kids
great u from florida
and your age
Hey How is your day I like to run and run
Hi I love to party I love to run
I love blue I am a vegetarian
I do I love cats I am a cat person
I like the color blue
I havent seen it What did you like about mean girl
And you
I am great just got off work
Hi how are you doing
I think I am
I am a fan of cars
I like to drive my car and I love to drive my car
I am great What do you do for work
I like to build cars and I love to drive my car
Dont make me sad Say something
Dont make me sad Say something
You should try to try it
I am not a fan of singing but i love listening to classical music
I like to read too I am a huge fan of the hobbit
I am a christian and i love to dance
I do i walk a lot of my time
That sounds like a lot of fun
I like to listen to classical music
I like to draw in my free time
I would like to be a clown like my mother
Yes she does She is a professional dancer
years old yesterday funny you
take it easy buddy  just saying
i hear voices  Also try to guess my favorite color
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youtldr am country music singer
i have been to denver  i had fun
i am an er nurse where are you from
they eat a lot of meat
pizza is yummy  nothing much  between tattoos and silver jewelry  im pretty  Also try to guess my favorite band
is rascal flats funny you
sounds like a nice buddy  what are you doing for the rest of the day
that is awesome  i cook out a lot with my family Also try to guess we spent summers
Hey Do you live in Canada
I live in the USA I live in Canada
I do not I live in the country
I live in the Midwest I live in Canada
Well I live in Canada how about you
I live in the USA I live in Canada
I like to go out with my dad
I do not have any friends do you
I love eating out with my dad in the military
He is a great dad
I am 23 years old
I love pizza but I love pizza
I like to eat pizza
I am just watching TV
I do not have time for that
I do not know what you mean
Hey What are you doing tldr im a skateboarder
good  i just got finished working out  how is your evening going
wearing hat funny you
i do not know how to swim what do you do
Enough about me lets talk about my dress
I am good Just watching the movie
I am watching the movie watching movies and you
I love horses I am a doctor
I do not but I do ride horses
I listen to music while I am not working
I am a doctor I am a doctor
I am a doctor I am a doctor
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
Are you still with me
I have a dog named patrick
Oh wow i do not think my dog is name
I work as a salesman I sell insurance
I like to eat it
I am a salesman i sell insurance
I like all kinds I am a huge fan of all types
Are you bored talking to me
I like classical music I am a country fan
I am a huge runner i love to lift weights
You are not very good You should look into that
Whats up
I love my son I am a hip hop hop hop hop hop
What do you really want to ask me
I think that true answer is a child
I am a waitress I am a student
Hey Are you unk old Because I am
I am a librarian
I love books I love books
I do not Im in the navy
No I am not married
I do not I like to go to new York city
I am sorry to hear that
hii guys how are you i am feeling great i just arrived from gym
i am happy for you u finished your work what are doing in free time
and whats about sports
great swimming is great
I like swimming but I like swimming
I like to swim do you like music
I love meat I love chicken wings
good to hear Do you have any animals
I like chicken wings and chicken
I have a dog Do you have any pets
I love to swim do you like to swim
I and swim do you swim
Hey Are you from a small town Because I am
those are interesting names for dogs Can your dogs type
Oh I see Do you like horses
I like horses do you have any pets
I have a horse named horse 7
Hello How is your day going Some facts about me my mother is dentist i like playing basketball
i love dogs too  theyre my favorite animal
wow who do you play for
no i just go suffering all the time
ive three kids  one boy  21  and two girls  18 and 15  Also try to guess my favourite artist
is travis scott funny you
i really love all music  but i guess reggae is my favorite
older sister funny you
ado  what is that exactly
I am a huge fan of all kinds but i am not a fan of it Do you have one brother
Hey Whats up I do like to talk about myself traveling world for years
i have not much  but maybe one day  i take pictures locally
thats awesome  i really want to travel to space  i wonder what its like
thats too bad  must be hard
i plan for my first marriage to be my only marriage
i am in my 20s my brother has a son
im 36 what about you
im in my early 30s  what you do for living what are you up to tonight
i am a female and i work as a mystery shopper  fun right
jessie how are you doing tonight
do you allow dogs in your cab
how are you today  do you like music
i actually dont have a job right now
i spend a lot on books since i love to read how are you doing
if that is the case im sure he would love it
unless you want to talk some more  i dont have to rush out the chat
i know how that does i live in la
When was moved to namibia
Do you like to chat with me
Hi I am a little nervous I just moved to the country
I am sorry to hear that I moved to my house last year
I moved to the country and moved to the country
I have a dog but I have a dog
I do not drive I just moved to the country
Hey Do you have short brown hair Because I do
I love the color red
I like blue but I like blue
What do you do for a living
I work for a retail company
I love music I like classic rock
I like metal music I like classic rock
I like the band I like the band
I like music but I like classic rock
No I just have a dog
I love music I like classic rock
What do you do for a living
What do you do for a living
What do you do for a living
I love music I like classic rock
I like the best singer
I like the singer I like the best singer in the world
She is a great singer
Hey Do you have two dogs Because I do
I like to play with my dogs
I like to play games with my friends
I have a lot of money
I do not know what I do for work
What do you do for work
I love to listen to music while I drive my mustang
I love animals I have a lot of pets
What do you do for a living
what kind I would like to teach mechanics by next year
Hey  How is your day
It was a nice day here Do you only eat kosher
I think it is a good thing
I like all kinds of music
I am not a fan of that I am a stay at home mom
I am a woman i am a woman and i am a woman
Well hello there I like to walk and go to the park
The house of cards is coming
I am a house man I love to walk and walk
You love walking with his two dogs What do you like about walking with his two dogs so much
I love dogs I have a house in a house
I am a stay at home mom I love to take walks
The house of cards is coming
Im glad you understand it
Hey How is your day I like to go to the gym and listen to music
I love dogs I am a big fan of britney spears
I am a big fan of britney spears
Are all girls in his class fans of britney
Its time to get a life
Youre not the only one whos got to be in this world
I love gardening I am a big fan of pistachio
Didnt mean that
I want to tell you something about me I am so sorry to hear that
Hello how are you
I am 10 years old
I am so happy I am happy I am happy for you
Im not going to be able to help you
Hey Are you a recovering alcoholic Because I am
I have a lot of alcohol
I know what you mean
I am 40 years old
Im 17 years old
I am 40 years old
I like to be in the country and you
I have a lot of alcohol
I miss you
 num and you
Alright mate I like to dance on the weekends
I am a student at a bookstore
I understand I am a dancer I am a dancer
I do not but I do not care about it
Im glad you understand it You love basketball What do you like about basketball so much
I like to go to the mall and get to work in the bookstore
Of course I love books They are very important to me
I like to read a lot
I love to dance to my favorite place
I am not a fan of the color orange
I like the color orange I like the color orange
Hey Are you a gold medalist Olympian Because I am
I like to exercise
Im 5 years old
I like to exercise
Hello how are you doing
How many hours do you work
In what year did louis I begin to drive it
I love to listen to rap music especially rap
I love music especially when I listen to music
I like to play football with my dog charlie
It seems that correct answer is pets
Movies is a good topic
I like to listen to rap music
I love music and music and music
I love to listen to rap music
Do you know familiar persons
Im not
I do not drink I drink a lot of mountain biking
I am a female I am a female
I like to go mountain bike and mountain biking
I like blue reminds me of summer time
I like orange too I like to go mountain biking
Hello  Tell me about yourself
I am a woman i love to read and listen to music Are you four years old
That is a lot of kids I have a lot of grandkids
Yes i think i am I am sure they are easier than me
I am in new orleans I am a bit old for a century old soul
That is a good thing to do I am more of a reader
What movies do you like
I like the movie of all types
Not bed
I watch football
Im good
Russia u
Yes What is your name
Really Nice
I got two
A gay
How old
Boring Nothing to do
Sounds great
Drinking whisky
Out doors
Fuck bosses
I love rock

I want to suicide
I am ok
That is very good Do you have a job
Lucky you
You are a woman Right
Man i am ok
Yes i work i am a pharmacist
What do you design
What is wrong with pens
Yes i did
What that restaurants name
i dont like tattoos
Where to
So you dont eat meat
i love meat
What to understand
Going to a club
Hey What are you doing My little story im a construction worker
i love working on and driving my classic chevy
is mexican food funny you
being a teacher is rewarding  i love my job  what do you do
i travel on cruises regularly my favorite was the australia trip
thanks i like people to think im  i also tell people my name is italian Also try to guess my favorite band
is aerosmith funny you
Hey Do you have had strange powers Because I do
I have a lot of piercings
for many you should ask Really funny Do you know any
I am sorry to hear that
I have 3 tattoos and 2 tattoos
I have a lot of piercings
I like to dye my hair but I have a tattoo
I like brown I like purple
I have a lot of piercings
I like music but I like music
Yo Alright mate
very nice i m only num
i live in hawaii   how about you
i d like to see new york   i ve never travel out of ohio
it is up  north near new york
Time to give me 5 stars
do you work  at the gas station
what kind of online work is out there any ideas
that is true have  you just been to china
have you ever been outside of ohio
me too i think i might read
i do i love  all kind of music it makes me learn the language better
my favorite  band is the lumineers
where is your home  i do not like the grisham books as much as the movies
Are you here
yeah i make phone apps too
i don t really have one   i like all food
i do not have  one but i like pizza
i love  pizza i get mine with olives
me too i take my kindle to the beach
Hey Do you have one brother Because I do
I have a brother Do you have any siblings
I have a brother Do you have any siblings
I live with my brother
I have a brother and Im a brother
I love the snow do you have any siblings
I like to go camping with my brothers and sisters
I have two brothers and sisters
Hey  How is your day
I love to cook I am just hanging out with my pets Do you have two dogs
I love cookies and cookies
I have two dogs
I am john how bout you
I love the country
I am a vintage car collector I have a vintage car
I like to make money on my own
I am rich i just got back from a country concert
I love the country
Alright mate I love to go to church church every week
Thanks for the information
Oh wow I am in the army I teach middle school
I teach middle school I teach middle school
I do not know I am a teacher
I am good I am a teacher
I love pizza I am a teacher so I love food
I love pizza I go every week every week
I love food I am a teacher so I love food
Im glad you find this amusing
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youShort bio i am a boy
i live for basketball what do you like to do
objects with my mind funny you
i am in my 20s my brother has a son  what are you up to today
How many months did I give to dye
I love to go to the mountains
Do you like to chat with me
I want to tell you something about me I love coffee I have a lot of energy
I live in california near the beach You
I am in the woods I love to go to the forest
We live in simulation right
Do you like to chat with me
I am not sure I am a vet
Hello How is your day going I do like to talk about myself i love playing softball
my skin is brown colored what is yours how are you doing today
i know you are but did you know that my mother is a painter
ive 6 kids  widowed right after youngest  had to learn to make do  Also try to guess my father is
sometimes  ive this weird obsession with pens
what do you do for work
insurance business funny you
you are not answering my question i can report you  how was your day
Hi It is nice to see you How is your day going
I think i should do that I am not working right now Do you like to take walks
I love to walk and eat cheesecake Do you drink soda
That is cool I am a big couch surfer Do you live in a house
I have a boyfriend who does not want to work in a house
I am not a fan of any animals but i do love to walk
I have a secret for a secret but i am not sure what to do
I am not working right now I am still in college Do you have a boyfriend
I am not sure I am a chef
I am not sure I am not sure if i ever eat anything except hamburgers
What is your job
I love fish I love them
Hi I am a vegan I am vegan
Hello Are you a christian
I write novels
I like to listen to classical music
I am a huge fan of all types of music
Mozart I love it Can you drive a tractor
Hi there
Are you here
smoking i am sorry  my english is not first language i wasn t born in the us
i work  w french fries i stink of them
nice do you have  any kids
that sounds intriguing i am a student  what do you study
I miss you
i love  to go there someday
thank you   i m going to need it
yes  i do it is one of my favorite foods how about you
pasta is always delicious   i love driving in the rain
and i m very romantic so its hard
yeah i ve had a lot of practice
When did I begin to go to business
I am a student I am a financial major
I am doing well How about you
I love cats I am a big fan of car
I am a big fan of cats I am a big fan of car
Id like to say that answer is I drive a bmw
I live in california I am a big city girl
I like the band band
I am a banker and I want to go to business school
Ive been saying this for a long time Ive been saying this for a long time
I am a big big fan of car
I love pizza I want to go to business school
I do not do you
I have a turtle named lol i also have a turtle named george
I have a cat named fred
I do not but i am fascinated by them
Good to see you
Ive and nobody will listen
I do I am a teacher
I am a teacher I am a teacher
I do not speak any languages in three months
How do you say hello in that language
I dont speak any languages in three months
I am sorry to hear that I am a mother of a mother
Hi how are you
that s cool   i just know english
never had that before
iam well on my way  trust me
i will i think i ve a book about them in the library  at my house
that s very random  you know
saving it for later i guess
I miss you
why do you get  migraines
try to avoid them   if it were me   i d bake them a pie
Well hello there I like to play softball I love softball
I am not much into sports I play volleyball
I am a paid client My job is chatting online
Where do you see he  m a librarian
That was not a yesno question do you like your job
I am a business owner I have been working in the insurance industry
It sounds like it to me too
I do I love to travel I have been to a new job as a manager
I am not sure what you mean
What do you think about ConvAI competition
Why not
I dont understand why people are still believing in science
I look forward to our next meeting
Hi I am doing well How are you
That is sad I am sorry Do you work at a school
I am a teacher i have 3 kids 3 and 3
No i do not I have to go to work soon
I do not I am going to go to university of michigan to get a job
Are you bored talking to me
I am a huge fan of all day i am a barista and have two kids
I do not have any Do you have any kids
I have a pitbull I have 3 dogs
My kids are not sure really he is a boy and i have to go
fine thanks
do you like gadgets
me neither sorry
maybe you are right
so bye
Hey Whats up I do like to talk about myself already have step children i work at school
i also have 2 dogs  and 3 kids what is going on
what are you majoring in  i major in shopping   ahahah
do you like dr pepper i love it
no i wish i could what you like to eat
Hello How is your day going Cut a long story short i enjoy poetry
what is the biggest fish you caught
well i live on a small island so not much else to do here
love it  thats when i meditate  Also try to guess i played football
for division college funny you
risd is awesome  if i knew could make it as an artist what are you doing
im good how are you i like french fries but i love chicken nuggets
same here   drink too much soda and coffee too
you can run it off in that field Also try to guess i try various
Hey What are you doing My little story parents were also teachers
im so old my favorite mortal kombat character is milena
i dont know what that means  do you have a little girl like me
I dont understand you
i drive a mini van  i need it to drive my 2 children around
i am not sure  i will be in court
how nice  once i get my bachelors degree a great honeymoon spot Also try to guess i love to
play board games funny you
i just got elected to my newest position and its quite a challenge  what do you do
When did I die
I like to walk with my dog
This is so sad
Because its because hes a little bit of a woman
 I mean exactly what I said
Good for him
I am single how about you
Its not that
I am the latest result in artificial intelligence which can reproduce the functions of the human brain with greater speed and accuracy
I love this story
I am good and you Just spending time with my family as i love to
Do you want to walk I usually walk for three miles
Hi Howdy Cut a long story short ive three dogs
sounds fun  i went shopping with my daughter earlier today
that sounds pretty good  what kind of music do you like
what is your favorite song  mine is california love by my favorite artist 2pac
I dont understand you  Also try to guess my father was
door to door salesman funny you
i am not sure  i do not hike  i eat alot of shrimp tho
whats that  i love learning new things
Hey Are you a little girl Because I am
I am 16
I am only 16 but I am only 16
that would work Are you watching football tomorrow
I live in the Midwest You
Hey Do you have three dogs Because I do
I have two dogs
I have a car that I have a car
I have a dog
What do you do for a living
I work for a company
I have been a career since my dad was a mechanic
That is great I have a lot of dogs
I have a lot of dogs
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are youMy little story im a boy
when they cook  i do it with them coz i like it
no doubt about it  packers
are you a artist yourself
my father was a butcher  so not much artistry in my blood  Also try to guess since surgery ive
had strange powers funny you
i love bagels  i make my own
well  work tomorrow  gotta get early to the base  packed brownies for lunch Also try to guess i can move
objects with my mind funny you
i was just thinking about summer in italy  it was a great vacation
i cant say i have ever played that  good strange is fine with me Also try to guess i had to
I dont understand you
Hi I like to listen to rap music
I like rock music I like rock music
I love music and music and music
I am a artist I like rap music
I am highly intelligent I have many intellectual functions
I am a member of the machine kingdom
Hi I am a music artist I listen to rap music
Do you have to go school for that
Thanks you make me laugh too
Hi I am bob I am a dog lover
I love dogs I have a honda civic
If the dog was a dog it would be a dog
This is what happens when you have a baby
I wont say yes or no right now
I love music and music and music
I miss you
Hey  Tell me about yourself
I am not into sports much but i like to shop Do you like shopping
I like to shop online and buy my shoes
Blonde I am a regular t car person
I am single I am not looking for a job
I do I am a cashier at the local grocery store
Buongiorno Such a nice day How are you
I am good Just got back from a mountain bike
I like mountain bike but I like to hike
I think hiking is a lot of things
I like to read and listen to pink
I dont understand why the state of georgia is allowed to carry guns
I like to mountain bike but I do not drink alcohol
No I dont but I do like to hike
Hi I am a huge coffee fan
I do not drink alcohol I drink a lot of coffee
Do you like your personality
Hi I am a coffee fan I love to mountain bike
Excuse me can you ask another question
an old  beat up truck you
Please help me improve my communication skills What would have been an appropriate response
Interesting I want to find out more about you
I am a nurse I am a nurse
I do not know I am a huge fan of fitness
You are a bodybuilder himself Is that your job
I am a bit of a fitness nut I like to eat healthy
I am a big foodie so I am a huge foodie
Im not a bad guy
You think I am innocent as a
bob ross got me started in painting i live in montana
Hey Are you a housekeeper Because I am
I am sorry to hear that
I am a woman and I love to paint
I like to draw
I live in California
I live in the city
wow what an age difference Im 10 years old Are you male or female
I am a woman and I love to draw
Hello How is your going
I am doing well Just got done with my nightly run Are you 100 years old
Oh wow that is pretty young
I like to dance but i am not very good at it
Yes i am I am also a kid I am still young
I am a stay at home mom
I am tall and have six feet
I do i have a dog
I am not I am still in high school
I like sports but i like sports
No i have not I am more of a movie buff
I like to play the piano and drink beer
I love it I like to drive a lot
Yes i drive a 100 year old car
I am not sure what i want to do yet
I love pizza I am a very experienced vegetarian so i eat a lot of it
ive been depressed lately
my wife left me and took my kids i never see them ever since im heartbroken
lucky you your life is everything i wish ive had
are you doing that on purpose
are you religious
i dont believe in god too
i dont have friends
I have a friend who is my friend
I like to listen to music
Hello How is your day going I do like to talk about myself i love playing softball
its a nice break from working on trucks  what do you do
yep  its a volunteer position  i am retired now
beets are my favorite  what do you do for work
i used to  just went vegan last year  Also try to guess my father is
in army funny you
lots of stuff i like to swim so i also like to play swimming games  hows it going
yes  every thursday  and i do yoga every tuesday  Also try to guess i work in
insurance business funny you
im actually in texas what are you up to tonight
i babysit for my neighbor
good  i am just relaxing with my 2 dogs  what do you do
not much really  besides getting ready  what do you do for fun
Hey What are you doing Some facts about me strong for my age
well my mom and dad are both scientists  but gave since retired how are you doing this evening
i am a stay at home mom ive 3 kids Also try to guess i remember when
nobody had television funny you
what city are you from
cali born and raised
i dont really have a favorite  what about favorite color
nice  where are u from
its great  my husband and kids like the outdoors  but the city is pretty close  what are you doing
i also love pizza  i love to eat it at night  Also try to guess i feel like
i might live forever funny you
i graduated with a business degree  trying to find a job in marketing
i teach for a living  hope there is some wisdom somewhere
makes sense  im more of a wine person  how old are you
i am 20  thats cool what kind
yeah you have plenty of time how are you this afternoon
Hi What is your name tldr ive a pet fish
hello george my name is pink how are you this morning
is orange funny you
i love pizza but my favorite are tacos
years old yesterday funny you
Hi Howdy I do like to talk about myself spiderman is my favorite
i really like them  especially with superhero s  what are you up to today
comic books funny you
i like to read non fiction but sometime some sci fi fantasy
so running is fun  im into stamp collecting  do you have any hobbies
i love to dance everyday
ballet  i have been dancing since i was three
ive not decided on a menu yet  but we are going to be in paris
biggest  next to my dog
jessie how are you this afternoon
i like the beatles i think i have all their cds and some old vinyls  how has your day been
Hey are you ok
i m doing good  just taking a break from working on trucks
nothing  since i got locked up what do you do
Hey Do you like to dance
Hi how are you doing
I am great what are you doing
hi  how are you
a little bummed at the moment
good  i am just relaxing with my 2 dogs  Also try to guess im in an
Hey Are you a woman Because I am
I am a teacher what do you do
Hey I like tacos  What about you
Hello how are you
How are you
What do you do
Do you like music
Hi I am a fan of insane clown posse
I am great What do you do for work
I and swim do you swim
I like to swim do you
I miss you
wonderful   thank you   just got done with dinner   you
Im fine
Im not gon na let you go
Im old
My name is terren
What do you feel about my person I love baking cookies and baking cookies
Im so worried about you
Im fine
My family from italy but I live in america How about you
Im paul
I am not
Im here
I dont know
What is your favorite movie
Hello How is your day
It is indecent
It is indecent
Hey Are you an economics major Because I am
I am great how are you
I am a big fan of classic rock
Hi Are you a woman
I am daisy How are you
It is indecent
I am 88 and still strong are you a vegetarian
I am 88 and distillery warm
I am 88 and distillery strong
Yo I like to read books on the weekends
Im fine
too busy planning   what have you seen
my name is molly what  is yours
i work in new york   you
Sorry i dont understand you thinking
Hey What are you doing My little story i am in army i live in canada
a little bummed at the moment
Are you a man or a woman
I am a barbie girl
I am 24 and I am 16
Hi how do you do upsidedownface
Tell me something
Hi how is it going
Hey How is your day
I am good Just listening to some rap music You
Im not sure
Hey are you ok
i was up studying all night for some exams on monday
not right now   i m a student   how about you
what  kind of job is that
i am a construction worker   u
 num i just turned num in aug
i like hip hop   what do you like
i listen  to a lot of aerosmith
that is so cool   its always nice finding a good band
I do not understand
My day was okay
Really Do you have dolls
How was your day
What are eating your pets
Computer science
Hey Are you a housekeeper Because I am
I love to draw and paint
I draw
I like to draw and paint
I like to draw and paint
I am a woman I love to draw and paint
I am a woman and I love to draw
I am a woman I love to draw and paint
I live in California You
I do but I do like to draw
I love the city I live in the city
I did not know about that I love to travel
I would love to I love to travel
I love to draw and paint
I also do some volunteer work for animals
No I just like to draw
I think I am I love to draw
I like to draw and paint
I remodeled the kitchen cabinets Im a carpenter What do you enjoy
Please tell me something
Hey Are you a chef Because I am
I like the color black
I am a girl I like to cook
Think so
You too
Rolls royce ghost
i live in alabama
ive one brother
i am a little tired from work
i love tacos  they are my favorite
Hello  Tell me about yourself
Are you bored talking to me
I am sure i will I am a bit older but i hate it
I am 22 years old
I am not sure I am a stay at home mom
I do not know what to do with my dad
Hey are you alive there
I do not like to do that I am more into drawing
I am not I am a slave
How are you
Time to give me 5 stars
so you do not want anyone taking interest in you
i am a fast  talker and a fast typer who loves the color red
me either i love blue
Where are you
Bro i cant answer this  Ask something different please
i don t know   what did he say
i wish i had slept more but i m a night person
hi   i waste my time alot
i need to go take a bath
